I bought this keyboard and mouse because I have my computer hooked up to my tv. The keyboard is average quality and feels ok. The mouse is garbage. The on off switch broke in 4 days of use. Do not buy this combo.
This is my second one of these things..here's why: Pros: It's the most comfortable keyboard I've ever used. I have chronic pain, I highly recommend this keyboard for those that need to type when in pain. Even though this keyboard is really a piece of poop. Balances well on your lap. Cons: This thing is huge and has a weird shape. It's very hard to find a place to put it on every computer desk I've ever owned. Learning to safely balance the keyboard on top of things is an essential skill. This thing breaks way too easy and too fast (which is why this is my second one.) The buttons on the keyboards will just suddenly die one day and there's nothing you can do about it. It doesn't matter how well you take care of it, happens anyway. Mine lasted a couple of years, but from what I've heard from other folks, I'm lucky it didn't happen sooner. On this new one, the silver back button became unusable soon after I got it. The zoom button never worked (it worked on the last one purchased), but I can't be sure if that's a defect or a compatibility issue.) The calculator button is heading towards greener pastures as of now. Cons on this one vs. the same one I bought a few years ago: The keys are much louder on this one and also not as soft to the touch. Some of them stick a little bit. I wish the older one still worked, it was a little easier to type on. So, yeah it's a almost a complete piece of poop as far as quality. The rating is as high as it is and I purchased it again because it's so comfortable. Please, someone make a keyboard as comfortable as this one that's not a piece of poop!
EDIT: View the product photo I uploaded and compare the differences yourself to what is being advertised. It seems like there may be variation if which product you actually receive. The one I got doesn't say "ProMini" anywhere on the device or packaging. It came in a plain white box and the pathetic attempt at an "instruction manual" calls it a "Q Pointer". The manufacturer calls themselves "Quro"; if you feel like wasting a few minutes of your life, try to find a website with any sort of support or product info. Furthermore, the USB dongle doesn't look the same. It's less than half the size of the one in the product photos, serving as proof that I and others are not getting what is being advertised here. The dongle looks like the one from the bluetooth model, even though it says this is an RF model in the book and on the unit itself. Nothing I said above would matter to me if the unit actually worked. I've tried it on both Windows 7 and XP machines, both times Windows had no idea what the hell it was and couldn't find drivers for it. No disc is included and no website to download drivers, either. I feel like I bought a really expensive keyboard-shaped laser pointer (the only feature that works on it). Amazon is taking my return without any hassle, which is great, but hopefully they correct this issue soon as to not waste anyone else's time. I'll be ordering this unit as an alternative:
Just discovered this, that this keyboard's keys is prone to failure. So, i don't recommend it. I recommended this keyboard to a online friend about half a year ago. She told me she had some problem with some keys, said that she spilled drink on it. And she bought a new one, same model, and that too, keys started failing. Now she's on her 3rd one, and keys also fails. At first i thought maybe spilling drinks on the keyboard is the problem, even though i thought minor spilling shouldn't be a problem, since modern keyboard usually are spill-proof. But key failing after the 3rd keyboard?? More importantly, i noticed that keys on my keyboard does not work sometimes. The first time this happend is the F10 key. But for some reason it worked next day. But today, the Enter key wasn't working for a while, now the key x fails sometimes. It's not consistent failure. Sometimes it works perfectly, but the next minute repeated press won't show up a single character. A look at amazon comments, you see a lot comments about failing keys. So, this is a serious defect with this keyboard. Of all things about a keyboard, if the keys start to fail, it's the worst. Final words: Do NOT buy this keyboard.
Received the item in a short period of time.  Upon installation, realized that installation CD was missing.  Was able to install anyways only to discover that several keys didn't work.  This was either a refurbished, returned, or used unit that was passed off as new.  I am still awaiting a replacement.
Could be my fault. I was looking for a keyboard with backlighted keys.  Somehow, the write up for this product referred to ability to see the keynoard in poor lighting which caused the error on my part. I received it and it is NOT visible in poor lighting, despite the claim of the big white lettered keys!! I don't ding them for the quality of the product or the packaging or shipment management, but they created the confusion by claiming that the keyboard is visible in poor lighting. That's not quite honest.  So, I'll order another one.....back-lighted.
Great little device, but a number of the normal keyboard keys are either missing or missing functionality.  Specifically: Missing: F9 to F12, Context Menu key, Insert, Pause, Break, Num Lock (at least to be able to turn it off) Other: You can't combine the windows key with any other key, Win+E or Win+P won't work.  It'd help a lot to have a shift on the right side of the keyboard too Just a little more thought into the engineering would've helped.  Like a dedicated Caps Lock key just isn't that helpful, it could've been a Fn+Shift.  If you're okay with these minor constraints than it's a great device, good wireless range, decent battery life, fair construction, etc.  Unfortunately in my case I had to return it.
I purchased this new MS ergo keyboard with high expectation that it would be better for not as good as the previous generation. But it turns out this is not a very good keyboard. For my personal usage, I use the Windows key a lot for shortcuts. Especially the "Windows" + "M" combination where it minimizes all the windows. To my surprise, there is no "Windows" key on the right hand side of keyboard. This is very annoying because instead of being able to minimize all the windows with just one hand, now I have to use two hands!!!! Some ergo expert in Microsoft is obviously not thinking. Or perhaps someone in MS think they are such an ergo expert that they decide to ignore everyone's complain. The other problem I have with this keyboard is that the "J", "U", "H" keys sometimes do not work. I would be typing and all of a sudden, none of those letters would come out. I had to hit those keys harder to ensure those keys work. This is not what I would call ergonomics design. I like the previous generation MS ergo keyboard much better.
I loved the first natural keyboards and was excited to get the MS4000 keyboard and even pre-ordered it.  As any new keyboard there's a learning curve and it takes a little time to get used to and find the keys, however I still today constantly miss keys and though I really like some of the other functions am contemplating going back to the ugly cream coloured ergo board.  I guess it just goes to show that "new and improved" isn't always improved.
I'm giving this keyboard one star because ultimately a keyboard primarily needs to have keys that are comfortable for me to use and don't impede my input.  I found the keys on this keyboard to be way too "spongey", meaning that the keys press down quite a ways then don't spring right back up... It was akin to walking through quicksand, if that makes sense... I found myself having to press the keys harder, and that would then slow down the next key press.  Strongly suggest you try this one out in the store!
I've owned three of these, and all have at least 2 keys that don't work without having to bang hard on them.  I suppose this is just par for the course for a product with the Microsoft name on it; who knows what flaws lie beneath the slick packaging?  (Yes, I realize these are probably made by some sub-contracted manufacturer). Needless to say, I'm done with this model.  Im in the market for another split keyboard, so I'm either going back to the Elite or will try the Logitech.
I'm afraid I'm hooked on the way this works, but beware -- construction is cheap.  I tried two others recently, the upscale $80 Microsoft (forgot the model) -- it's the one with complaints about the clacky space bar. True.  Drove me nuts, sent it back.  The Adesso was just too darn stiff.  So as far as quietness and usability, this is the one I work on best.  However, that said, I took my second one -- bought less than five months ago -- along to use with my laptop when housesitting, and was reasonably careful.  Did not drop it, did not put anything heavy on it.  When I got home, the "s" key was non-functional.  I bought a new one to replace it figuring I could use the box and warranty info to send the busted one back and get a  spare.  Forget it.  The warranty info directs you to the site, but after you spend five minutes getting to the right support page, you will find that when you try to enter the product name, Microsoft does not recognize it!  It is not a supported product, period!  IN other words, if this thing breaks after 30 days (limit of Amazon's return policy), you're stuck.  It's junk.  Throw it away.  Saving up for an Apple...
If you spill any amount of liquid on this keyboard whatosoever, individual keys will stop responding within minutes and you'll need a replacement. I'm on my 3rd or 4th replacement within a few years now due to minor coffee splashes and it's starting to become a burden on my wallet. Given the age of the product and the typical price of competing keyboards, it's really about time for a new spill-resistant design or a substantial price drop. Unfortunately, I've grown to love this bizarrely spaced key layout and find it to be very comfortable, so I guess I'm stuck replacing it once a year or so. Either that, or give up my coffee habit.
The primary reason I bought this, other than the need for a new keyboard, was the fact that this was around 30 bucks. That's a lot better than the 60 bucks you'll dole out for it at Office Depot. Overall, the keyboard is decent. I love the ergonomic design as it cuts down on a lot of stress while typing. The curved design does take some getting used to if you're coming from a typical keyboard, even if you've used an ergonomic keyboard before. I won't get too much into the multimedia features of the keyboard simply because I don't really use them that much. I've used favorites a little, but I'm so accustomed to point n' click that it doesn't make much difference to me either way. The main issue I have with the keyboard is the space bar. As others have pointed out it is very awkward and unnatural in the flow of typing because of the fact that it's one single bar that stretches across the curve in the middle of the keyboard. It would make too much sense to make the spacebar a split-button that can be pressed on either side of the curve, but for some reason Microsoft doesn't always deal in common sense. If the spacebar isn't something that will turn you away from this keyboard then I would recommend it. Overall, it's good overall value.
First I need to convey that I'm one of those who lives on a budget year after year, therefore am used to not having elite things. This is not a fabulous keyboard and mouse but it works. I got this to go with my new Mac Mini since I could not afford one from apple. It uses 1 small USB connection for both the mouse and keyboard and I have been able to enter my password when booting up the Mac from 6 to 7 feet away. There are no LED's on the keyboard to indicate the Caps Lock are on or Num Lock is on. Not a big deal except when I accidently hit the Caps Lock and I have to retype passwords such as when I first boot up the Mac Mini. (By unknowingly touching the Caps Lock after I flip it over to turn it on.) I had thought that the mouse wheel was faulty because it scrolls in the opposite direction than what I am used to. A recent comment by Andrew Galecki informed me that "The mouse scrolls the way because of OS X Lion, giving you are using a Mac Mini purchased relatively recently. Just thought I would clarify that for you!" Thanks Andrew. The keys work smoothly and have some hot keys, however I will never use some of them on the Mac so I cannot comment on the keyboard's full potential. The Window key is the Command Key like any other Windows Keyboard used on a Mac. Other than that, it works well and it was failry cheap. It all depends on your needs. My main program is Photoshop on the Mac Mini and sometimes chat with fellow artist as I work. One more thing, as far as the battery life it is too early to tell but the lack of LED indicators might help stretch the usage a bit. I have been using it for about a month now.
I saw this great combo deal for $20 so I picked it up immediately.  Now, I know why it's only worth $20 because they keyboard doesn't work right to begin with!  Each time I type on this keyboard, half the time I would get repeated letters as if the key is stuck and keep repeating itself on the screen.  It's annoying!  I have high hopes on Logitech products, but I guess the quality has gone down the hill.  DO NOT BUY THIS KEYBOARD MOUSE COMBO!!!!!
Was really excited about having a compact keyboard with backlit keys for my home media center, but the range proved to be a problem. Pros: nice design blackberry-like keys with nice click to them backlit keys laser pointer - very cool Cons: limited range. claims to work up to 30 ft, best case I was able to get 8 ft. Not far enough to sit on the couch I had to move closer and sit on the floor when using the keyboard. would be nice if the mouse buttons were on the other side of the keyboard so with one finger can operate track pad, then other hand have mouse buttons
I hate to give bad reviews - maybe I received a lemon, but this remote didn't work with Ubuntu 10.04. The volume controls, mouse button, etc. simply didn't function. I didn't contact their support or try to fix it, just sent it back. Got a different model, looks very similar on the outside, but the difference is the "other" worked 100%.
It has been widely reported and I will confirm: The N key is wider than the other keys (to fill in space) and the mechanical trigger for the key is in the center rather than towards the right where you typically hit the key.  This means that half the time you press the N key and you get nothing.  This is especially annoying for me as I'm just learning to touch type.  I have had it for 9 months now and it has only become more annoying. Comfort-wise it is a good keyboard but it's hard to appreciate when 50% of my N's go missing!
This is a simple product.  No bells or whistles, reasonably priced.  Unfortunately, for me, Logitech's track record of poor wireless connectivity continues.  This particular product stays connected and functions fine 95% of the time.  The other 5% -  I start typing and letters do not appear on the computer.  Approximately 7 seconds later, the letters will appear rapidly, but the first letter I typed will be missing.  So, in addition to the annoying delay, the input needs to be corrected.  The connectivity USUALLY goes back to normal at this point, but not always.
Everything feels right, but the space bar is so stiff you have to SLAM it to make a space come up.  Not cool for the most common key on the keyboard.  I don't want to solve my wrist problems by creating thumb problems.  Pretty much useless.
I bought this keyboard as a solution for an office meeting room. It works (connects easily and every time) and it's nice to have the laptop style trackpad built-in, unfortunately the keys are cramped for serious typing. It takes a lot of the positive out of this product. It's a touch on the light side and feels fragile, but in use it seems to be durable enough. The key size and spacing is a real disappointment and hinders functionality, at least for editing any kind of document or presentation during collaborative meetings. On the positive side, it's a small keyboard so if space is a primary concern, this could work well for your situation.
In the past 3 years working at my company as a web developer, I've gone through 3 of the keyboards.  Eventually some of the keys just stop working.  On my first one the left Ctrl key, the letter V, and the comma keys all died.  You can try to work around these things, but that can only last so long!  First the keys went "soft" where they were visibly sunken down and felt less clicky & springy, and then one day they just no longer worked. Nearly the same thing happened to my 2nd one, and I can feel the same thing beginning to happen on my current one. The media keys at the top are nice, and you can customize them a fair bit when you install the Intellikey software.  More recently the play/pause and back/forward buttons (which i set up to work as media keys instead of browser forward/back) no longer talk to iTunes.  I looked around online and this seems to be a common problem, and it has a complex looking and hacky-sounding solution involving custom macros.  Not worth it. Overall, it's a $10 keyboard, so I don't expect it to be amazing.  I can do work on it until it eventually dies and I have to replace it.  I plan on trying to get my company to buy a much higher quality keyboard this next time around.
This may work great for you, but I've owned a Microsoft keyboard for 3 years and I program with it 10 hours a day. Things you should consider: Microsoft uses an "F-lock" key design, where the F keys along the top are not enabled until you hit the F-lock button. Every time you come from suspend or restarting, you have to mess with that F-lock key if you want to use key combinations such as alt+F4. It's infuriating. MS keyboards (especially this one) are very wide and use a ton of space to the right of the arrow keys, mainly for the number pad. That's bad, because you have to reach a long ways with your right hand to grasp your mouse. I find that having to reach such a long distance for the mouse is what hurts my wrist, and not so much from the curvature of the keyboard or anything like that. These defects don't become apparent until you've used the keyboard for a long time. My suggestion? Look for something that doesn't use an idiotic F-lock design, and get a keyboard without (or with a detachable) number keypad section, so your hand can get to the mouse more easily.
I wanted to believe that this thing was good, but after only a month of light use it broke. Although it's charged, it can't connect to my PC, Laptop or HTPC. When you plug the little dongle into a new PC, you can see that the PC is installing the drivers, but then nothing. Even after restarts, nothing. When it worked I was able to overlook the minor incontinence of needing line of sight to be able to have a good connection with my HTPC. The mouse buttons were also in a very finger unfriendly place. Anyway I will be buying something from a proper manufacturer now, namely Logitech Wireless Touch Keyboard K400 with Built-In Multi-Touch Touchpad (920-003070) . It might not be small and sexy like this thing, but at least I know that it will work.
I was looking for something to use in the living room for a HTPC keyboard and remote.  This was not quite it.  The back light worked great, range was good for what I needed 15ft.  My biggest problem is the touch pad was not responsive enough.  Using my thumb for the touch pad presented a problem and was harder than I expected to operate.  At first I thought the built in batteries were great until I let it drain down to nothing.  Then I had to wait several hours for it to charge back up before I could operate my HTPC again.  I am still on the quest for that perfect living room keyboard/mouse combo.
I am returning my ergonomic keyboard.  After five minutes of using it, my right thumb was hurting from hitting the space bar.  You have to get it in the right spot or it won't go down without a lot of force.  The "good spot" on the space bar is an unnatural position for me, so the keyboard goes back.
I love this keyboard - the way it feels, the layout, the wrist support. Unfortunately, my computer kept crashing and after much investigation by IT services here we finally determined that the keyboard was the problem. If your computer keeps crashing and telling you it's experiencing a KERNEL PANIC, the keyboard may be why. Sadly I had to give it up and now use a Logitech ergonomic keyboard, which isn't nearly as good.
Bought this product based on previous ratings!!... was very happy when the product came as it looked good and functioned very well... after using it for only 3-4 months it suddenly stopped working... all lights on the remote seem to be working but it does not control the laptop at all..
Product never worked.  The process for return was also not through the supplier even though the item had just been bought.  I had to contact microsoft and go through a warranty replacement.  Will not buy again.
My first impression of this keyboard was "Wow, this thing is huge." It's at least 3 inches wider (and a lot bulkier) than my old standard Dell keyboard, not counting the wrist pad or elevating stand. That's a good thing, as it's solid and stays in place, but it also takes up a lot of space. Just from the way it's designed, this isn't the kind of keyboard you can just quickly tap single letters on; you have to put both hands in the correct position or it just feels weird. The keys feel nice and are pretty quiet. You do have to move your fingers quite far for some letters though (y and b are too far from j and f), and the space bar feels a bit squishy. I like that you can create your own shortcuts for each of the top function keys, and the zoom and back/forward buttons are nice to have (though the back/forward buttons are too far down and my mouse already has those). I can see how the key labels can wear off; they're decals, not etched on. The wrist pad feels nice but picks up debris really easily. Also, my stand is lopsided when I have the legs extended. I put a mousepad under one of the legs to compensate, but it still makes a creaking sound at times. All in all, it's a nice keyboard for the money (especially given the limited...or nonexistent...selection at retail stores), if you can get past its issues and take the time to get used to it. I haven't noticed an improvement in my typing speed yet, but with practice... EDIT: 2 months later, I've noticed some wear on the wrist wrests. I still haven't gotten used to the keyboard for typing, but then I don't exactly type up big documents on a daily basis either.
Logitech is always a bit hit or miss with their software: sometimes it works with no problem, sometimes it does not. For me this was a bit of a miss. Just plugging the receiver the keyboard started work right away, which is good, but not with full functionality: the grey function keys at the top are not functional, and the mouse click wheel button is not functional. The problem is there is no real software that come with this combo, so I am sort of stuck. There is nothing to mess with to get these features working. Not a big deal, just real sloppy on the part of Logitech. If you get this expect that it might work flawlessly, as the other reviewers found, or not, as I found. Typical logitech quality. Overall the keyboard and mouse construction feel cheap, and not designed to last.
Getting rid of used products under the guise of them being new is one of the easiest and quickest ways a seller can lose the faith of a buyer. I received this product with obvious usage scratches on the back of the device where the USB receiver stows on the keyboard. I am returning the device and will shop for a similar product elsewhere.
I have a very old microsoft natural keyboard - it was getting quite dirty and discoloured so I finally decided to buy a new one - which is absolute rubbish compared with the old one. The keyboard is much smaller (and as a result less ergonomic)  - they have managed to do this because the keys are smaller and placed closer together (especially the arrow keys!). The page up and down keys use to be by themselves and now have an insert key right next to them which is annoying. I will be going back to my old dirty and discoloured natural keyboard!
The MK320 mouse is fine, but the keyboard is total and utter garbage. As pointed out by some other reviewers, there is a significant delay on the keyboard that happens every 30 minutes or so. The keyboard will just cut out completely for about 10-25 seconds then "catch up" by transmitting every button you pushed all at once. I'm not sure if this is due to quality control or signal interference, but it's really frustrating whether I'm gaming or using my computer as normal. Also, the buttons feel really mushy and seem slow to spring back up. I received this keyboard and mouse as a gift, so unfortunately I cannot return them or I would. tl;dr - Go for a different Logitech keyboard, most of them are really great.
my buddy bought one of these and i liked it so i ordered one too, but mine was a cheap knock-off of the original. the real one should have rubber buttons and come with a anti-counterfeit sticker on the box... the one i received did not have a sticker on the box and the keys were hard plastic. mine also didn't work as well as the original one... the touch pad wasn't as responsive and the range wasn't as good either. the original works great and I would definitely recommend it, but if you get a fake one send it back!
I type for a living so thought I would give this keyboard a try as it is supposed to be far superior to a regular keyboard.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!  This keyboard was so hard to use, it's unbelieveable.  You need really big hands and really long fingers to be able to reach all the number keys.  I use the / symbol alot and I was constantly missing it and hitting the Windows key and opening the Windows page.  I finally had to inactivate that key.  Also, the space bar is very sluggish and my words were running together a lot.  The keys are very slippery and my fingers were constantly sliding off them.  This was one of the worst keyboards I have ever used.  I took it back after giving it a good trial of over 2 weeks and got a refund.  KEEP YOUR MONEY!
Like many of the other buyers have stated, be cautious if you are going to purchase this.  I read through several reviews that mentioned the range was not as advertised.  I decided to take the gamble and see for myself.  My results ended up being the same as the rest, and I was only able to get about four feet of distance out of the device before the signal began to make responses choppy.  Another two feet and it stopped responding altogether.  If you buy this, be prepared to sent it back.
The range is terrible.  Works within a couple feet but if I walk around in a 10 foot radius there are dead spots all over and the red flashing light starts blinking.  If you disconnect the usb receiver and plug it back in it will work for a couple minutes, then the same thing happens.  The mouse pad is terrible.  Worse than any laptop.  The pad is just too small.  The movements are unresponsive and erratic and will take about 5 swipes to travel across your tv.  Tried max mouse speed in pc control panel but it didn't help. I do have a wireless mouse/keyboard but who doesn't have wireless stuff in their house? I use my pc with Windows media center 7 and I don't want to have to bring my mouse over to the couch every time.  Couch is 4 feet away and this thing had trouble with connecting. I'm going to try the other Rii device w/ blu tooth and the touch pad in the middle.  Supposedly that touch pad is adjustable. Didn't own enough to try out the battery life. ***UPDATE*** Go with the other one with the touchpad in the middle. (Superior Loftek Rii Touch N7 Mini Wireless Keyboard 2.4 Ghz Super Long Range (30m Max) Removable Battery Htpc Ipad with Connection Kits Full Qwerty Keyboard Adjustable Dpi Touchpad for Pc, Apple, Xbox360, Ps3)   Had it for 3 months now, love it.  Check out my review of it.
I had this keyboard for 2 weeks before it broke. It's made of this unbelievably flimsy plastic. It's so chintzy that the keyboard is almost flexible. A few impossibly small screws hold the keyboard together somehow. Once the keys start coming off the keyboard, they don't just pop back in place. If you drop this thing, forget it- it's gone. The track pad is decent, you can even game with it. That's the only saving feature of this keyboard. The two finger scroll kinda sucks, it's finickey. I would've preferred a scroll zone on the right side. Also, they should've implemented pinch zoom on the trackpad- this is not supported. The biggest annoyances: No shift key on the right side of the keyboard, which makes it a pain to use any punctuation on the right side of the keyboard. You'll go to reach for that button instinctively, and it's not there. And if you like to lower the lights while you're browsing the web, you'll be constantly holding the keyboard up to the light because the keys are not backlit. Also very limited function keys. There's a volume rocker, a mute key, and a useless home button. But they forgot track next, and track previous, and play/pause buttons. They easily could've fit them too. Ultra cheap flimsy crap chintzy design; the keyboard will surely fail in less than 6 to 12 months. Logitech really makes junk products these days. Why can't someone make a better version of this keyboard, a version that gets everything right?
This is a very nice keyboard and works well for me except that it has some ghosting.  If you're not familiar with what ghosting is, here is a website that describes what ghosting is: [...] If you're a programmer like me and want to remap the Caps Lock key, then keys like CapsLock-N will not work!  Perhaps there are other modifiers that don't work together as well. This guy has also had some experiences with key failure with this keyboard. [...] For normal typing usage, this keyboard may be fine.
I bought this keyboard with some reservation based on the comments of others re: the spacebar.  I concluded that I'd get used to it if it was really as bad as claimed (and I presumed that others were being a bit dramatic about the problem). Well, to my surprise, it does take an unexpectedly strong stroke to get a space compared to the other keys.  But, yes, I have gotten used to it.  The biggest issue is that there is a bit of play in the spacebar, so you have to get accustomed to pushing through that first bit, then really whacking it to get the space you wanted.  (Take "whack" with a grain of salt -- it is just a keyboard key, it's not like you need to swing a hammer and hope for the best.) I actually find the Zoom feature kind of nice.  The other "extra" keys haven't gotten much use yet, but as I ramp up the keyboard's use for work -- and Excel -- I think I'll really like the extra numeric keypad keys (parens and equals). I've been using the Microsoft ergo keyboards for at least a decade.  While not a connoisseur, I am dependent on them for the comfort of my wrists.  I'd say this is at least as comfortable as any of the others, perhaps a mite better. My biggest frustration, just edging out the spacebar issue, is the fact that the keyboard simply makes a racket.  I was typing on a phone call and I realized that it was literally difficult to hear my colleague over the "din" of my keystrokes.  Older versions were definitely quieter. If I had it to do over again I'd get the simpler model with fewer bells and whistles.  But this one will be adequate for a few years ... I just won't be singing its praises.
I bought this keyboard to replace the old Microsoft Natural Keyboard Elite that I used for over a decade after my new desktop didn't come with a PS2 port. The space bar requires A LOT OF FORCE to press down. As a law student who has to write lots of papers, I replaced this after 6 months when I started getting repetitive stress injuries from using it. I can't get through normal web browsing or email anymore. Sadly, even the letter keys are also far too hard to depress. The free USB keyboard that came with my machine is more ergonomic than this "ergonomic" one, which is infuriating. I thought this would become easier to type on as I broke it in, but no luck. It doesn't break in over time. It's just as hard to use today as it was the day I bought it. A keyboard is one of the few things I would recommend you test out at a brick-and-mortar store before buying. My other complaint is that the zoom toggle in between the two sides of the keyboard can't be reprogrammed to scroll up and down pages. This keyboard is VERY disappointing. I regret buying it.
I like this keyboard and I owned a MS Natural (the white ergo ones) before it...but the keys get rubbed off during normal use after only a few months. Of the alphabet keys, only my Q and N keys aren't rubbed off.  Then N remains because the N key is extra wide for the ergo design and I'm touching it where the letter does not appear and the Q is still present because...apparently, I don't use the letter Q very much.  However, if I make this review any longer...it'll probably rub off so I'm going to stop riiiiight...now.
I returned this Keyboard today. I needed an illuminated quiet wireless keyboard with a touchpad. This isn't it. Although the keys don't stick, if you are not within line-of-sight of the receiver, any and all keys appear to stick. I even resorted to using an external USB power supply but it was no help. I am laying 3 feet from the computer, but if I let the keyboard fall below line-of-sight with the receiver it begins to fail badly... The touchpad is not functional and keys appear to stick or just don't respond at all. I believe I read something about a 30 meter range. That is one serious lie. I am bedridden so the features that this KB offered sounded perfect for me. It actually would be perfect IF it worked. My spouse may be laying in bed asleep beside me so the features are exactly what I need. Sad that it doesn't work as advertised... Buyers beware!
This keyboard/mouse would be half-way decent if it wasn't for the terrible interference you get if it is anywhere near your wifi router. Construction quality is so so and battery life is about 4 days if you use it frequently (that's not very good in my book). It seems like I'm always charging the stupid thing. Basically the wifi affects the range of the transmission. The further I put my wifi router away from the little usb dongle the better range I get. Overall the touch pad is mediocre and not as good as a laptop! I also find it cumbersome ergonomically when typing. If given the opportunity I would have purchased something else.
I bought these keyboards as I like the quiet and low profile. Now I have 3 defective keyboards because some keys do not register (M, N, Caps are common). Microsoft has replaced these for free but I expressed concern that future keyboards will fail. On a Microsoft initiated customer satisfaction followup call, I told the rep that the hardware revision 1.0 is the same so the root cause for these failures have not been fixed. Their only response is to replace in the future and try to keep the customer happy, but I'm out a usable keyboard for 2 weeks. One of my 3 replacements (D, M now don't work) has failed after only 2 months. Used a keycap puller to yank defective ones off and a blower to clean off. Put a 1/4" peg in and these keys still do not trigger. Save your money. I will go back to Logitech and get something that will last its intended "lifetime". After just sitting there for an hour, both the D and M keys started working. A while later they again just stopped working. This is with the computer on - nothing touched. Now it's looking like an intermittent problem that does not look to be hardware related. Keyboard controller problem is more like what's happening to some of these, so I will definitely not recommend anyone buy this keyboard as it will fail in the long term. update 2/2/09 - The replacement keyboard above just totally flaked out. Both Alt, both Ctrl, left Shift, and a whole lot of keys don't work. Called Microsoft at 800-360-7561 for a refund. 1) copy of invoice 2) shipping is on me 3) must be the original (but I threw that out when Microsoft sent me a replacement!) 4) Otherwise they will replace it for free again (I'm still within warranty) and I get to throw the defective one out. I chose #4. I also ordered a Logitech Wave keyboard from Amazon as a backup. Sept 2009 - Both replacements from February 2009 have problems. One has o and 0 not working. The other has z, period, space not working. 6 keyboards in 3 years. 100% defective. I could call Microsoft, but the question is why put myself through having undependable keyboards? Bye Microsoft. I did get a Logitech wireless keyboard/mouse set and it's working fine.
As a programmer, I can't stand that they changed the layout of the center row (ins, del, pgup, pgdn), slowing me down considerably, as well as the arrow keys (too small &amp; awkward).<p>NOT recommended if you have to switch between keyboards (at home/work).
what is the purpose of a wireless keyboard if you have to be in 3 feet of your computer? I wanted to relax and use it as a keyboard for my PS3.
I'm a touch typist, and was taught that the left index finger types the numbers four and five, and the right index finger types the numbers six and seven.  Guess what?  The number six is split off from the right side of the keyboard so you must type it with the left hand.  After typing the same way for thirty seven years, I cannot adjust.  Plus this then requires you use the left index finger for three different numbers.  Is this supposed to be an ergonomic style?  In addition, I've used the keyboard for about two mos. (with 10 days of vacation in the midst) and already four of the keys have the printing nearly worn off.  Not a good quality!  Too bad, because the shape is comfortable.
Wow!  Leave it to Microsoft to blow it by creating a beautiful keyboard only to make it unusable because of the space bar. I read the previous reviews where folks complained about the space bar but figured since this keyboard has been around for a while MS would have figured out and fixed the problem.  Nope, you have to push the space bar down right in the middle for it to work, otherwise it goes down at an angle causing too much friction and not creating the space-character.  It's called physics. For me to type this review, I have to extend my thumb has far out as possible to ensure I hit the space bar in the middle.  NOT VERY ERGONOMIC. In short, I'm returning this dog and buying another Adesso keyboard.  They have two space bars - one for each hand.  Each one is aligned with the natural position of my thumb so I never have to work to hit a space-character. See ya MS, you blew it again.
Pros: - perfect ergonomics - nice leather wrist padding Cons: - noisy spacebar - spacebar presses harder then letter keys - F-keys devided into two groups, while classically it should be three - a bit large Could be perfect without issue with spacebar.
Being somewhat handicapped, I love the way the 4000 helps me position my hands. However, I have had multiple times that groups of keys stop working or single keys will hang giving me a string of single key inputs.  MS Technical has helped me once to correct the problem - and I am waiting for assistance again.  This is very concerning for what I considered a 1st class keyboard at a first class price.
Alternate on again, off again keys ZXCV and ENTER.  Very disappointed.  Too many others with same problem, avoid this cheap model
I've used small netbooks with reduced keyboards, so I didn't think the complaints about that would apply to me. What a mistake.  This keyboard is not all that small, almost as wide as a regular keyboard, but caused both of us to have hand cramps.  We tried it for 2-3 weeks, and gave up. We really need a touch pad due to reduce strain on our hands, but this keyboard only added new strains. Worked fine on our XP computer. I found it a little difficult to use the 2-finger scroll function, but overall a solid performance as usual from Logitech.
I got this keyboard as a gift to go along with an MK860 Android MiniPC. It worked beautifully, and I would be pleased with it except for one very serious (in my opinion) design flaw. Someone made the brain dead decision that it would be OK to make the right shift key the same size as a standard key. This was so they could squeeze in the up/down/left/right arrow keys into the layout they wanted. Will someone inform this keyboard manufacturer that directional keys are very rarely used, but the shift key is used QUITE OFTEN. Obviously not a problem with hunt and peck keyboard operators, but if you are serious about actually using a keyboard as intended - this was a bad idea. I'm a software professional and I spend all day at a keyboard. But when I pick this one up, I constantly have to deal with the fact that someone mangled the standard layout. I'd give it 0 stars, except that it does a good job otherwise.
Ordered two of these and one showed up as the old 1.9ver (color image box) and the other was the newer 2.0ver (Plain white box with version on the top) The older is a PITA and is jerky and causes frequent double taps for no apparent reason. The newer one is great and looks like a completed product. I would have preferred two of the newer but since the seller did not specify I got what I paid for. Knowing that, I would be hesitant to by another without the version listed in the description. (Update: did and got another of the old version) A little more about the units; The older one (1.9) has a laser pointer and when the Bluetooth receiver is not stored there is an open hole in the side of the unit. Touchpad is jerky as can be and constantly causes unwanted double taps. Images of left and right mouse buttons do not look like an image of a mouse. The newer one (2.0) has a flash light instead of a laser pointer. The receiver has a storage block that goes back in the unit and closes it up when the receiver is not stored. The touch pad is not as jerky and seldom double taps when not intended. Has mouse left and right images for left and right mouse buttons. There are also differences in the LED's for power charging and connection between the two units since one is covered and the other is just a raw exposed LED. The newer one is great and I would have preferred to have another of it and will buy it when I can guarantee that will be the one I am getting. Two of the newer ones would have recieved a solid 4 stars and posibly 5. I gave it 3 because the older version drags it way down by how it acts. I hope that helps some of you with your purchase.
Very disappointed. The touchpad is unresponsive or insensitive. The wireless range was less than 3 feet. Returned the item the next day.
Since there were so many complaints about the space bar on this, from so far back, I figured Microsoft would have fixed it.  Nope. On the one I got, if you hit it just right, dead center on the LEFT side only, the sound was tolerable.  Only one problem:  I always use my right thumb for spacing.  And when I did that, the "clackety-clack" was intolerable.  The noise was exacerbated by the fact that the other keys are remarkably quiet, so the sound becomes even more annoying.  It had to go back.  I now have the Adesso Tru-Form Media, on which the keys are slightly louder but since the sound is uniform you don't notice it once you get into the rhythm.
Not nearly as nice as my wired keyboard and mouse. The keyboard is very lightweight and cheap. NO light for Cap Lock indication nor NumLock light. The ONLY benefit from this keyboard is that it is wireless. Not sure how it hold up. Not impressed.
I originally gave this 5 stars, but now the same thing has happened to my keyboard as other reviewers have had happen to theirs...a couple of the keys just quit working.  Cleaned it out and still not working. I love ergonomic keyboards, but this one didn't last nearly long enough.
NOT MUCH USE FOR SOMETHING THAT YOU THROW AWAY IN TWO MONTHS. SUPERSUCK. THEIR ARE FLIES IN MY HOUSE THAT TOLD ME, THAT THEY THOUGHT THIS WIRELESS KEYBOARD HAD A SHORT LIFE SPAN. THATS BAD.
The battery in my FAVI Wireless Keyboard died five days after using it. I charged it often, with the device off but that did not stall the inevitable failure. I am an accomplished database engineer and write hardware reviews as a hobby.  As a result, I have years of experience with electronic devices. Do not buy this!
This is a "me too" for the people who love this device but have had problems with it. I'd give it 5 stars for niftiness but at best 2 for reliability. My case was different than some of the others: it worked well for a few weeks before suddenly failing. I can't swear that the problem was hardware and not software. One clue is that the System Profiler claimed to be able to see the device when the USB dongle was plugged in even though the computer stopped responding to keystrokes or the touchpad. I don't believe the problem was the battery because the lights and laser pointer worked throughout. The biggest difference for me - THIS IS IMPORTANT - is that after a few days it started working again. When it first failed I tried reboots, unplugging and replugging the USB dongle, etc. A week or so later, after using a regular keyboard and mouse and reshuffling my USB devices among the ports, I tried the Rii keyboard again and to my surprise it worked. No idea why or whether it will fail again. So, if you've experienced trouble with this device, keep trying. One other point which I've only seen mentioned in a couple of reviews: it's Mac-compatible if you simply map another key to the command key (in System Preferences > Keyboard > Modifier Keys). I used the Caps key. It makes Cmd-Tab (i.e., Caps-Tab) a little awkward but it works. In short, a great product for my application - controlling a Mac Mini attached to the family TV - if only it worked reliably.
I'm using this for a HTPC and it has good range but is awkward to use in dim light. It would get another star if back lit. The other missing star is for the keyboard. They keys don't have a good feel. I have the Logitech Wired Illuminated keyboard and it has a much better feel. The track pad is decent for most purposes but utterly useless for games requiring a mouse. I'd buy it again if needed.
i bought this about 4 months ago and its already garbage. the range was only about 10 feet at max, the touch pad didnt always want to work, and the buttons for the keys didnt always respond. all these gripes added up to the grand finale! the usb reciever stopped working completely one day and it was totally useless. i used the laser pointer to play with my cat for about 3 days before throwing it in the trash. dont waste your money. if you have an iphone, logitech makes an app that uses wifi so it works anywhere in your house. and its suprisingly accurate and includes a keyboard! and best thing yet, ITS FREE!! so dont waste your time with this garbage. there are other options that will work better for cheaper.
Read all the reviews on this device before purchasing.  Seemed to be a hit or miss on whether it would work or not.  From the folks would reported a working device, the reviews were very positive, decided to give it a try.  Needed this for my recently purchased WD Media Hub (excellent media player btw).  As luck would have it, my experiences with it fell into the doesn't work category.  WD Media Hub recognized it immediately, good start. Went down hill from there.  Move more than two feet from the receiver and the keyboard became very erratic.  Missed key punches,  press one key and 10 key presses seen on the screen.  Not happy at all with the device.  I was hoping I'd get lucky and be one of the folks that had a good experience with it.  Device would have been perfect for my needs... if it worked.  Rather than returning and trying my luck with another, decided on the Microsoft Arc Keyboard, although larger than the Tiny, it is still compact and most importantly, it simply works. Returning the Tiny Wireless Keyboard.
I loved the original Microsoft Natural Keyboard. To be honest, when I first got it, I was reluctant to use it. However, being a professional software developer and writer, I spent a lot of time at the keyboard and needed to consider trying an ergonimic keyboard to help alleviate the problems of RSI. After forcing myself to try it for a while, I feel in love with the original Microsoft Natural Keyboard and when it came time to replace my first one after many year of use, I found the original version was no longer available and the only available option from Microsoft at the time was this Natural Keyboard Elite. Well, I used this thing for a few days before determining that this was a very poor excuse for a keyboard following in the footsteps of the original Natural Keyboard from Microsoft. This keyboard is way to small for anyone used to a full sized keyboard for full touch typing. And worst, the layout of the other keys outside of the main qwerty area of the keyboard, specifically the cursor key, is just a terrible layout for anyone who has used a keyboard regularly at any time in the past 40 years. Whoever at Microsoft that is responsible for this should be embarrased and get a replacement for this thing on the market to get rid of this thing to save face for themselves! I went through a whole variety of other ergonomic keyboards from other vendors without much satisfaction until Microsoft finally came out with the Natural Keyboard 4000 which is a worthy replacement for the original Natural Keyboard.
I've read one of the reviews here that said his first unit died after the first day. I thought that was a fluke unit for that reviewer, so I ordered mine anyway. I've had the same problem. Worked great the first day, but the next day the unit would not be recognized my Windows 7 PC. I tried full charging, plugging the dongle in different USB ports, changing the channel, and etc. Same problem as the other reviewer - the back lighting won't come up, the dongle gets recognized by the PC, but it seems that the remote and the dongle cannot connect. After spending a couple days trying to troubleshoot, I returned it. I would agree, otherwise the unit met my requirement for being a great remote for a HTPC. Too bad the reliability wasn't there.
After about 3 months of home use, this keyboard went totally wonky on me. Certain keys became nonfunctional and the majority of the rest of the keys typed a letter or symbol other than what it was supposed to be. Extremely irritating and, of course, rendering it completely useless. Went back to my old standby, the Microsoft Natural Keyboard Elite.
I purchased two of these faulty keyboards.  I liked the keyboard until the "c" button stopped working.  The second keyboard developed a broken "x".  Both keyboards were used regularly for about three months before they malfunctioned...  Definitiely not worth $15.
I have used the Microsoft Ergo Keyboard for a decade.  I still have the one that I bought for my Pentium 120 in my office hooked up to my modern day AMD Athlon XP machine.  It's been a real trooper and has probably single handedly saved me from carpal tunnel surgery. The first time that I sat down with the Elite version of this keyboard, I thought my fingers just weren't doing what they were told.  As stated in many of the other reviews, the displacement of the arrow keys and the 6 navigation keys is VERY unnerving.  I use the mouse as little as possible and not having the keys where I'm used to them is not a good thing.  I probably use ctrl+arrow key combinations more than any other and this keyboard makes that difficult. For those that are just starting out, and get used to this keyboard from the beginning, will probably be fine.  For the long hardened IT guy's like myself and anyone that's been using a computer since the early 90's, should try to find a Pro version somewhere.
This is a very nice keyboard with an ergonomic feel. I'm a game designer and 3D artist so I work at the computer often. The keyboard is super thin and light weight. The button placement is pretty well thought out. It has all the necessary short cut keys and was easy to set up. I really don't have any complaints so far. I got this for Christmas and will probably continue using it until I upgrade my rig. I'm sure there are other keyboards out there with more bells, whistles, and light displays but this one does what it should. For that reason I rated it as average but don't look at that as a bad thing.
What a piece of garbage. The intention is good...It SHOULD work, but it had a range of about 3 feet from the receiver...not nearly enough to make it useful.
OK 1st it is a nice little keyboard and it has a lot of features...except the one I needed.  It only works to about 6 feet!!!  If you're looking to use this to control a media center pc (which I was) it won't work!!!  Unless your sitting right up on the PC. I have my HTPC in a small study and only sit about 12 feet away...this keyboard crapped out WAY before them.  The keys also don't give me the impression that they are very well made.  They "click funny". A waste of money.
I used the older MS natural keyboard and like the bent configuration but the key response on this board is to mushy. You don't get a light, satisfying click from the keys. And, yes, the space key sometimes resists too much and feels like its sticking. Most of the additional buttons are useless (I do use the volume control). I've used it for more than 6 months and still haven't gotten used to it - I'm shopping for a replacement now. The insert/delete & page cluster is also different from the old keyboard which screwed me up from a long time.
wen i first receive this keyboard it didn't come with USB receiver inside so i have to return it back to them n wait for a week to get a replacement. this device workin really well for the first few day. after a week the mouse pad seem to have a little problem.. somehow the cursor doesn't move wen i try to move it on that mouse pad.. or it barely more. first i thought i sit too far from the USB receiver but even wen i sit in front of my PC it still doesn't work. would not buy this keyboard again or recommend to any of my friends
We ordered this because we like logetich brand and thier quality.  I am sure the quality was there, however the mouse is small and is about the size of a child's hand.  The keyboard was good.
I purchased this keyboard 3 days ago. I was able to type fine and enjoyed typing on it. I love the shortcut keys, especially the mail key and calculator key. 3 days after purchasing this keyboard and a few of the keys stopped working properly. At first most of the keys were jumbled up so whenever I would type something it was displayed wrong on my computer screen for instance if I hit the 6 button on the numeric keypad it would display .36, that stayed that way for about an hour or so and now I have no Caps Lock, b, n, m, no comma, and no period key. All in all, I will not be purchasing another one. Getting a refund and will be purchasing another brand.
I bought this to use for my 60" TV and media PC. PROS: The keyboard keys type well. The wireless link up is easy and works well. The design is attractive. Full-size keys are easy to press. CONS: The touch pad is actually terrible. The touch pad is sometimes very slow to respond to two-finger scrolling or sometimes not responsive at all!  If  I had known this I would have bought one with a mouse. On/Off switch feels too tiny and flimsy. Sad about this purchase.  =^(
The 'ergonomic' keyboard is painful to use! My hands are on the small side of average for a woman. To make the space bar work, I either have to push down extremely hard with my thumb in a normal position, or else twist my wrist to hit more to the center of the space bar. (My thumbs naturally fall on the far ends of the spacebar, not the center.) I am going to return the keyboard, because for a small-side-of-average-woman like me, this keyboard is the opposite of ergonomic.
I gave this product a try hoping to use it to control my media laptop connected to my home theater.  It looks and feels solid in the hand and came in a nice box.  Unfortunately, while the product worked fine close to the laptop, if the unit was more than 4 feet away from the receiver it only worked intermittantly and by the time you reached 6ft away it didn't respond at all.  It just doesn't work when I'm sitting on my couch trying to control the laptop. Also for some odd reason if I used the laser pointer (which I honestly cared nothing about) it would break the bluetooth pairing and you would need to use another mouse to re-connect the device I may have recived a faulty unit but I've noticed others complaining of short range as well so I've decided to return the unit for a refund and explore other options.
Ordered this keyboard to go with a HTPC, it worked right away, however when i tried to use the laser pointer i was stunned to find it was just an LED light. The Rii mini keyboards are supposed to have a laser pointer in them not a underpowered LED light. The item also came in a plain white box which should have been a clue that it was a cheap knock off. Will be returning this item as soon as my authentic mini keyboard arrives.
Product stopped working after a day. Tried leaving it to charge and no dice on multiple computers. Seemed fine when working. Maybe I got a dud, but Amazon took it back no issues.
I am replacing a desktop keyboard after finally being done with my 10 year old Dell keyboard from my old computer. I wanted to go wireless, and this does the job  just fine.  The keys are responsive and types just fine.  I didn't necessarily need the accompanying mouse, but it was included and works great.  It's a little small for my taste, but it works so whatever.  The problem here is that they use the same wireless USB receiver, so it won't do me any good as a backup mouse for my laptop since I only have one receiver. My one gripe with the keyboard is that it becomes unresponsive for up to a minute from time to time, making it frustrating when writing manifestos or long letters. Thankfully it hasn't happened when it counted (like trying to get tickets or something) but I can see this ticking me off at least once in the future. UPDATE: Since writing this review just a few short weeks ago, the response time has gotten worse and is too much for me to handle. the receiver is literally 2.5 feet away, and I have to pick the keyboard up every time I start typing, always going back to retype the first letter of the word I was writing. Why it's become worse is a mystery, there is nothing new here that would cause obstruction or interference.  Taking a test for an online class I'm in proved too much for this guy, I'm looking to send it back to Amazon and take the loss on it, buy a bluetooth one instead.
I bought and tried for about 3 months time. I had nothing to complain about the keyboard, but mouse gives me real tough time. I am going to return this item. You may want to consider some other wireless devices in the market, unless you are sure and have tried it before. Keyboard as good as anything can be. I have nothing to complain on the keyboard. The moment I switch over to wireless mouse, my cursor would go berserk. Scrolling was a night mare. I am done.......
The layout of this keyboard is great and very comfortable.  I just wish the keys were a little easier to depress.
This keyboard seemed to work well for about 8-9 months. I had two of them in my office. I was reasonably satisfied with the ergonomics but the key travel seems to be too far and the key resistance is a little to high for constant use. Also the layout of the keyboard is very large. I have average sized hands and I always felt like I had to stretch to reach the number and function keys. Also, occasionally the Function key modifier would get stuck off and the Function keys would no longer work. It was a really stupid feature to overload the function keys with yet another key. Even more stupid is to occasionally lose the user's setting on this key for no reason. So when I hit F6 or F5 to build or debug in Visual Studio, I would occasionally just get crickets ... nothing. Finally, the thing that took the cake for me was how fragile this keyboard is. I spilled a very small amount of coffee on this keyboard (probably less than a teaspoon) and several keys now fail to function. I've given it a couple days to "dry out" and still some keys don't function. Even keys that were not initially even touched by the spill. The one thing I did like about this keyboard is the leather palm pad. Ultimately, this is a lousy keyboard for the money and not all that ergonomic. Why, oh why Microsoft did you discontinue the Microsoft Natural Keyboard??? I don't have anything against Microsoft but this product sucks rocks.
I have bought or used at least three keyboards of this model. They all have different feel/characteristics, as if all made by different manufacturers. The first one was great: quick, quiet and very smooth. The second one was terrible, several keys are really sticky--they don't bounce back right away, and the Space bar is the worst of them all. Sometimes, I had to press it a couple of times not knowing which hit will show up. Then I had to Backspace out the extras. It was living hell. Then the last one is OK. Not quite as good as the first one but not as sticky as the second. I only used it for a couple of weeks now, so can't say for sure. It is still the only ergo keyboard that works with Mac (with build-in volume and play buttons) so I have little choice. However, if you do, keep my warnings in mind.
I just set-up an HTPC and this is a perfect complement to it.  Size and functionality are just about right, although, for HTPC use, an LED flashlight would be preferred over the laser pointer.  Unfortunately, I can't comment much about overall performance because the unit I received was DOA.  It would charge (the charge light came on), and the laser pointer worked, but everything else was non-functional: keyboard, backlight, bluetooth, etc.  So, in my case, I had to return it; but these things happen with hardware, some amount of DOA is inevitable.  I probably won't reorder this model, but may try the version with the trackpad in the middle.
I'm having mixed review about this keyboard, I would give it 5 stars for the design and comfort, BUT zero star for the poor quality. I got this keyboard as a birthday gift in March. Not long after I started using it, about 2-3 weeks later, this keyboard started acting up, keys 4,6 wouldn't work. Now, after 2 months keys 5 and O don't work. So sad!! I love this keyboard with its handy calculator and volume buttons, very very comfortable for touch typing, but unreliable quality. If Logitech has a similar product I would buy it in a heartbeat. UPDATE: After two months of using this keyboard, more keys stopped working. I finally gave up and got myself Logitech K350 2.4Ghz Wireless Keyboard . I'm happy with my Logitech keyboard so far.
I was looking for something small enough to carry around but large enough to make typing more accurate and comfortable.  It's keyboard size is not much larger than a large cell phone's which is not providing any added advantage.  Great product nonetheless.  Maybe just an extra added inch or 2  would make it perfect.
Like other users have said the keys are not very responsive especially the space bar.  I seems to feel sticky which makes the keyboard unusable.
Got this keyboard so I could operate my HTPC from the couch across the room from my HDTV. Tested this out at my office, and it works great as a presentation tool, but with the shoddy reception (at any range or without line-of-sight), it simply doesn't cut it as a replacement keyboard.  Misses too many keystrokes, and the buttons are laid out in a perfect smashed grid, so you won't be able to type as fast.  Also is missing several function keys that make it hard to use keyboard shortcuts.  The mouse click buttons are positioned where you have to use both hands to click (one hand to hold the remote, the other to press the button). The compact size is nice, and the built in battery is a nice idea, but it dies way too fast. Overall, I think that this product looks and sounds great, but the poor construction and quality of components make it a lemon as far as practical functionality.
This is a great design for a keyboard and an improvement of the older MS Natural keyboard EXCEPT that the space bar is horrible. It sticks and is unusable if not hit directly in the center. Read other reviewers' comments before buying!
This product is almost great. It's quiet and comfortable with the notable exception of the space bar. The spacebar hasn't been designed correctly and when pressed from the side deforms and restricts the spacebar from being being selected. I have added a weak spring to the right side under the spacebar and that has helped quite a bit, but come on Microsoft, can't you engineer a solution to this known issue?
Pros: Good size, nice key feel, backlight, when it worked connected right away. Has some but not all "F" keys and a dedicated Ctrl+Alt+Del key Cons: Placement of the touchpad is OK but seems to hinder your typing some, Touchpad not very responsive with sensitivity all the way up. I found myself grabbing a mouse instead of using it. Overall if you can put up with it possibly going dead after a few months and realize that the touchpad is only useful if you have nothing else it's OK but I most likely am not going to repurchase another one.
This is about as simple as it gets, except that you have to download a driver from Logitech's website in order to make it work. But once you've done that ... it seems to work like a dream! Goodbye cables! ADDENDUM: I am writing this after under a year of ownership. It's a great little unit, though I hate the undersized Shift key on the lower right side. An additional benefit is that it is NOT a Bluetooth unit - it comes with its own little radio receiver dongle that you plug into any USB port, making it usable with essentially any machine. This unit is perfect for typing into your TV Internet source, whatever that might be (I'm using an ASRock 231B which is a fantastic little "brick" computer). Unfortunately my Logitech K400 crapped out after under a year of use. Certain keys (2, 4, T and some others) simply don't work any more. I disassembled it and reassembled it after re-seating the little cable that connects the top and bottom halves and it worked for a few days, but now it's dying again. Normally I don't like to reward a manufacturer of such a product with a repeat purchase, but unfortunately there is simply nothing on the market like it. So I'm downgrading it to three stars for its lack of longevity, but buying another one because this unit simply has no competitors.
Bought this to work with a Win7/Boxee setup for our living room.  Works well enough, but there are a few things that get a bit irritating at times. Pros: - Very small but usable - Back lit keyboard - Long battery life - USB rechargeable - Inexpensive Cons: - Track pad not very sensitive - Waking it from sleep mode can be troublesome at times - Seems to need a direct line to the wireless dongle The biggest complaint I have is the track pad sensitivity.  In Windows it usually seems to do OK, but inside Boxee it is slow to respond.  Could be a Boxee issue and not it's fault, but irritating nevertheless.  Fortunately I prefer to use the arrow keys and enter inside Boxee so really it ends up being a non-issue. Overall, at this price point, I'd purchase it again but I am on the lookout for other options.
Great keyboard - EXCEPT the USB cable entering the back is VERY thin, and there is NO strain relief or even an attempt to make the entrance point curve gently. In addition, the cable enters the rear of the keyboard at its deepest point. The very thin cable, the sharp bend at the entry point, and the entry point being at the deepest point mean that if you ever take the keyboard anywhere, the USB cable is abused, and consequently, the internal wires of the USB cable break. Although I am very careful (I try not to bend the cable sharply), and although I have moved it only a few times (admittedly once in a suitcase, on an airplane) it has broken twice in a few years.  This last time I cannot repair it, and I am looking for a different model. I have one of these at work also, and it has worked for years just sitting on my desk. So, it's a GREAT keyboard IF you never move it!
it doesn't work past five feet. If this thing had actually worked to ten feet it would have been exactly what I wanted. Great design and everything, but just didn't work very far which makes it useless to me.
I have been using Microsoft ergonomic keyboards all the time. This one has got a little jinx in it. I wonder why are the arrow keys are placed so. The up and down keys are not placed back to back, but up and down arrows are placed back to back. This causes a lot problem while using the arrow keys. They should have followed the normal standards.
The original Natural Keyboard (1994) was well built. Nothing like a buckling spring keyboard, but acceptable. Then came the Pro, our only choice once the original Naturals disappeared. It was even less well built than the original, but still acceptable. I bought three new ones a decade ago, and now all have finally died despite disassembling and washing them every few years. This appears to be my only choice unless I'm feeling stupid enough to buy a keyboard that requires batteries (7000). I can't overstate how poorly built the keyboard is. If you try one in store, that wiggle in the keys is not from buy-nothing kids repeatedly pounding on it with their fists for months. That's the way it comes brand new. I even have the sticky spacebar problem, and given how poorly constructed the keyboard is, I took the time to pry up the spacebar and determine if the metal crossbar wasn't properly fitted. It was. I just pushed aside my old Natural Pro and suddenly I can barely type. Depending on where each key is struck, a different amount of pressure is required. Hit a key off-center and you'll need twice the pressure. I feel horribly misled by all the other reviewers who claimed this was a worthy successor to the Pro. It is not. It's a shame, because the shape and layout are great. The miserable typing experience and keypress quality, however, make this keyboard a worse experience than a generic $10 flat keyboard.
When i bought this product (around 11/2011), it is titled with Rii Tek. As you can see now, it is actually a copycat of Rii keyboard. If you go to the website of Rii, you will see they actually list this one as a copycat. Anyway, it worked for a while after i bought it. Really like it. But now it doesn't receive any signal any more. Be careful, if you are looking for a Rii keyboard, this is not the one!
I love the design and portability of this little device. It works as described, though there is room for improvement. When I hold this device, I instinctively position it in my hand as I would a game console controller. This however blocks the internal antenna and cause keystrokes to be missed.  The range on this is pretty poor when holding it in a comfortable position, around 4 feet. But when held in a way that doesn't block the antenna, the range is acceptable. For the price, and intended usage of this product, it's hard to beat. I would recommend for any htpc, or for controlling powerpoint presentations, etc. Pros: Decent battery life Rechargeable battery Backlight Cons: Antenna weak
I am updating this review since Microsoft replaced the keyboard and I am both surprised (!) and happy that they did.  I tried placing stickers on the keys and then writing on them but that didn't work.  I will take the advice from another reviewer about using nail polish on the keys to keep the letters from disappearing.  I think keyboards should last longer than this but Microsoft did stand behind their product so kudos for that service. I do not know what is happening to keyboards but so many of them seem fragile and poorly made.  My Dell laptop has keys that literally broke.  The plastic piece that attaches the key to the board broke on two keys.  The keyboards that came with a new HP computer were so awful that I threw them away in favor of the Microsoft one.  I am now trying a Logitech keyboard to see if someone can make a keyboard that works for at least a year. Original review ------ I can imagine that this is a good keyboard from an ergonomic perspective.  It has a very different feel from the standard flat keyboard and it takes up much more space as well.  It takes a good long while to get used to it but it is comfortable. The reason I would like to give it negative stars is that the printing on the keys is disappearing with less than 6 months of use.  OK, I know my keyboard layout but this is ridiculous.  Just for comparison's sake, I have a very standard beige keyboard that has keys in almost as bad a condition as this one.  That keyboard is 10 years old. On the Microsoft keyboard the E and R are almost completely gone and the I, K and S are close behind.  I do not know if this is a function of whatever they are using to put white print on black keys or just cheap junk manufacturing.  Whatever it is, I will now have to spend time figuring out what to paint the keys with.
Over the years I have had many, many Microsoft ergonomic keyboards. The model 4000 arrived about a month ago. The design is good but the feel of the keys is poor. The action is at times very coarse and sometimes they hang resisting depression. Additionally, some keys are easier to depress than others which interferes with typing. Clearly, the bean counters have been at work at MS and have cheapened up the key action significantly. Not acceptable at all. More junk from China.
The company advertised the keyboard as "new," but sent me one which clearly had been used.  They were good about accepting the return, but their return policies are a (seemingly deliberate) hassle.
I bought this keyboard/mouse to watch Hulu/netflix on my pc and tv from my couch. it arrived fast as always and worked right out of the box. But after using it a very few times the keyboard became unresponsive. I followed all the instructions and downloaded logitech's software (which basically tells you to turn the unit off and on and to remove and re install the batteries. This worked one or two times and the keyboard would become unresponsive again , It is now completely unresponsive no matter what I try. The mouse works great and has never given me a problem , but I am now writing this review with a wired keyboard sitting a lot closer to the TV than I want to be.
The compact size of this keyboard is great for a small space. The low profile is also a bonus for the purpose of storage. However, sometime I have to make an extra effort to punch the keys for the letter to show up on the screen and the location of the right-side shift key is "off" from the full-sized keyboard, which leaves me pressing the page up key a lot.
I've used my 4000 at work for a few years now and I've loved it. However, there's one glaring flaw that isn't apparent until you've used the keyboard full time for 2-3 years: The letters/symbols on the keys wear off over time. My X,C, and V have completely worn off, and a couple of others are almost there as well. It's disappointing that something so simple could limit the usable life of a keyboard (without buying some stickers to put on top of the naked keys. Therefore I can't give it more than 3 stars, which pains me. (Note: Another reviewer rightfully complained about the placement of the "Forward/Back" buttons right below the space bar. This IS a problem because you'll be filling out a long form or doing extensive work in a browser and all of a sudden you'll go back a page and lose the data when you barely miss the spacebar and hit one of those keys instead... BAD NEWS. However, there is an easy workaround. You can go into the Control Panel, go to the keyboard's settings, and disable the buttons completely so this never happens to you. I strongly recommend doing this. I've only done this workaround in Windows 7, but it should be doable in XP/Vista as well.)
this keyboard is extremely hard to get used too. I have to look at my hands to put them in the right place. But what really is a deal killer is the space bar. It is very hard to push I find myself constantly back spaceing because it didn't work. The space bar sticks and is noisy. I believe it is attached at the hump in the key board.So when you push it it tips and sticks slightly. I absoultly hate this keyboard. If my gift giver had given me the return receipt it would be back in the mail.
I've owned and used this keyboard and mouse combo for about 3 months (purchased August 2011), and there are a couple of reasons why I would not recommend this keyboard. The initial annoyance with this keyboard was that it would lose sync with the base.  The usb base station is only about 4 feet away from where the keyboard sits, and if my arm is in the path between the keyboard and receiver (a common place to use the mouse), the keyboard would stop working until I moved my arm.  Also, even without my arm in the way, the keyboard would lose sync numerous times per hour.  I used a usb extension cable to get the receiver a foot or so closer to the keyboard, and most of those problems went away. If a usb bluetooth transceiver is plugged in the usb slot next to the base station, the effectiveness of the keyboard and mouse is reduced to practically nothing.  It seems that the base station is rather sensitive to interference that one would expect in a computer room - WiFi and bluetooth. The thing that made me write the review is something that only someone who has used the keyboard for an extended period of time would be able to experience.  Without having spilled liquids in the keyboard, getting it full of food crumbs, or physically damaging it, I've noticed that some keys stick.  A number of keys will frequently stick unless a lot of force is used, or the key is pressed perfectly in the center. I've never owned a keyboard that had this type of quality degradation in such a short period of time.  The worst I've experienced are the $3 keyboards that come with Dell PCs that get sticky and "old" after 6+ months of usage. I do not recommend this keyboard.  There have to be better models or brands that are worth the cost - this one isn't.
I was a bit wary about this keyboard after reading all of the negative comments regarding its range here, but I never even got to a point where I could test the range for myself.  Unit arrived with zero charge, and although the charge light lit when it was plugged in, no amount of cajoling could get it to turn on either while it was plugged in or after 4 hours of charging. The manual is basically useless, but it did note that it would hold a usable charge after 15 minutes and that it should be usable while plugged in, so I'm guessing my unit suffered from a defective battery.
This keyboard has the usual bonus features of multimedia wireless keyboards, but I need a keyboard that doesn't hurt to type on. Keys are stiff and get loud because you have to pound. If I try relaxing, I often press keys in the wrong order or miss them. My fingers are aching from the added pressure and from having to correct errors constantly. The F-keys are convex and even stiffer. The 'board also has reception/communication issues- don't they all? :/ I've tried with the receiver 4 feet away and 1 foot away, and no improvement. Characters will sometimes lag behind what I'm typing. Usually only fractions of a second-- enough to confuse me and enough to hurt gaming-- but once in a great while it gets a bit worse and I have to wait several seconds. I'll still be using this for my TV, but for typing I've gone back to the generic wired keyboard that came with my desktop.
Don't waste your money!! The only thing that was cool about this product is that it is the size of a remote. The problems are (1) that you have to sit at a precise angle to make sure that the wireless is working. (2) It is very slow trying to keep up with typing words. (3) It stops working while typing after a couple minutes (sleep mode) and will not work until the USB wireless is unplugged and the remote is turned off.
The volume controls and extra function keys are nice, but I wish it wasn't so big and bulky. The thing that I hate about it is that the signal goes in and out. I have to keep moving it around to get it to start working again. I'd rather just have a keyboard with a really long cord. Also I often need to go into the BIOS on my computer on startup, and I cannot do that with this set. I use this keyboard/mouse set, but I don't really like it.
This is not the keyboard in the picture, however, i kept it because I was in dire need.  These are hard to find in retail stores.
Got this keyboard a few months ago.  Overall, the keys and curve are appealing however, some keys just stop functioning.  I've read online that it has something to do with static that builds up on the circuit or something which I could care less about. This should have been tested, and that's what quality control is for.  It's useless when keys stop working, and really annoying when one moment it was working fine and in the middle of your email, the "C" key stops working or the right shift stops working. Save yourself the trouble.
My years-old Microsoft Keyboard Elite died after several years of flawless, dutiful service.  However, I'd come to notice that all of the Elites I've owned over the years had fairly noisy keypress sounds, so I decided to try the Microsoft Ergonomic Keyboard 4000.  And while I was happy in also all respects save one, that one proved to be a dealkiller -- for me, anyway. First, the good: keypress sounds are quiet, the weird key shapes did a very good job of making it easier for my hands to each the keys on each side, and installation was flawless (I didn't even have to install the software).  However, the space bar -- a single key that spans both sides of the split keyboard -- was not easy to press when tapping the extreme left or right side of it.  I made an effort to stretch my fingers a bit, but that made them sore after a few minutes of rapid typing, which was the opposite of what I'd bought the keyboard for in the first place. I Googled around for a bit and came up with a 2-year old thread that mentions this issue ad nauseum, as experienced by several other folks.  So it doesn't appear to be a manufacturing defect that was addressed in later product revisions, but an engineering flaw that Microsoft hasn't -- and appears will not -- correct.  As such, I will be submitting an RMA request to return the product to Amazon, and continuing my search for a quiet, soft-key split-key keyboard.
There more options at the market better than this one. 1. It only works for few hours and if you forget to turn it off, thats it. 2. It lose connection after 5 minutes or even less. 3. The keyboard came with some letters mixed  son you dont know it you are typing the "C" or the "V" (for example)
When it works as advertised, the keyboard is great, touchpad and keyboard makes web surfing from the couch enjoyable. CONS: ----- 1) Short range, also reported by others here. My couch to my HTPC is about 8 ft. At that range, the touchpad becomes arkward to operate. I tried moving the receiver to my HTPC's front USB port. Didn't help. 2) I read about this from a negative review before I bought it but thought maybe that customer was just unlucky. Well, turns out I was unlucky too. It worked for about 2 weeks of occasional use then it stopped working. Nothing I tried worked. Tried recharging battery to full. Tried cycling keyboard power. Tried cycling PC power. Tried changing USB ports. It just wouldn't sync up. Getting it returned. Thank goodness for Amazon's top notch return service.
Three big problems with this product: 1. Will not wake computer from sleep.  Tested the computer with other keyboards and mice, so I know it is specific to this device.  Tried different mapping, but no go. 2. Touch-pad will not work in BIOS.  Keys work just fine. 3. No manufacturer support. Everything else works fine, but pressing the power button every time I use the computer totally defeats the purpose. Almost!  Has anyone else been successful in getting it to wake their computer from sleep?
The unit itself isn't difficult to use, but it keeps losing conneciton with the PC.  I pulled out the USB  adapter today and it was so hot it could have burned me.  Not sure if I want to use it now.
I purchased this keyboard a couple of weeks ago and began using it immediately.  Shortly thereafter I began experiencing difficulty in accessing the internet.  My computer went into the shop 3 times where it would work fine however when at home it would attempt to access the internet up to 90 times and then run out of memory and crash.  Finally a trip to my home by the tech person discovered the new keyboard was bad  (sticking key).  This caused me considerable aggravation and ultimately a 100 dollar house call charge.  I plan on contacting amazon to get a refund and compensation for the extra expense.
At first I thought it was great. I loe the calculator button and the size of the keyboard. But then after about a year, the * key stopped working. That's the key between c and b. I gae it 2 stars instead of one because, really, how often do you need the  key? I just tend to substitute words like adore for loe and really for ery, purple for iolet, etc. The main pain is cut and paste. Ctrl+C, Ctrl+ ...that alone knocks it down to 2 stars. I'e learned my lesson with this one and will hope for a better outcome with another brand.
This keyboard and mouse are just fine for their price point (less than $25), but no one should think they're getting a good keyboard.  The keys have quite a mushy feel; definitely not a good choice for heavy duty writers or coders.  Another problem is that, even though it's claimed to work with Windows XP, it does not, or at least did not for my old machine.  Logitech tech support was worthless, simply claiming, "the drivers are built in to XP".  I'm somewhat computer savvy, and I spent hours looking for the right driver, updating to the latest XP service pack, scanning the Internet and trying various remedies.  Nothing worked.  However, it does work fine on my newer Windows 7 box, and the single USB receiver for both the keyboard and mouse is nice.  I haven't checked the range nor battery life.
I have a new MK320 wireless Logitech keyboard which functioned for 3-4 weeks satisfactorily.  For some reason, now, when I press @ I get ".  When I pres " I get @ . The same thing holds for several other keys. When I press them I get something else. Is it me or the board? I need help. This was purchased 12/05/2011 from Amazon. Elesbe
The keyboard: It's great when it works, but sometimes it will freeze up, from anywhere to a few seconds, to over a minute. It will then relay anywhere from none to all of the keystrokes in rapid succession to the computer (resulting in it spazzing out for a few seconds as it does the things you told it to.) This happens completely at random; it can happen for days at a time, then be fine for weeks. Additionally, the keyboard lacks caps, number, and scroll lock lights. I can deal without the latter two, but the first is very annoying. You have no way of knowing if you're in upper or lower case until you actually type, and sometimes when I'm typing short messages, I don't look at the screen, meaning that I'll type my entire message with reversed case. Frustrating. I have yet to have trouble with the mouse; even when they keyboard's freaking out, the mouse works fine. I needed a wireless keyboard because my computer is located 5 feet away from me, and to use the wired keyboard means to bring the computer out to the middle of the floor. My dad bought it for me from some store. It's extremely annoying during games; I was in a tournament, and by some miracle, it didn't freeze up during a match (It hadn't frozen for a while, and I'd completely forgotten about it.) Now if I'm playing seriously, I just go wired. Strangely, my offense is nearly good enough to be my defense while the keyboard is frozen... :) Maybe it's magic.
I wanted this to work, but it just doesn't. This works ok within 2 feet. From the couch, it's hit or miss which makes it take forever to scroll. Typing is also a chore since it misses half the characters you press. On top of this, the battery no longer holds a charge after just a few weeks. Piece of junk.
Works as it should on windows, I thought that it came with bluetooth, but it was a seperate item, so if you need bluetooth, order the one with bluetooth. the cheap one is 2.4 gig wireless and does not work on non USB devices.
This ALMOST gets the job done.  I would actually like the touch-pad centered under the keyboard like a laptop.  Then, perhaps the angle of your hand might actually work better for clicking the buttons.  The left touch-pad button is way too big and is unresponsive for many things like re-sizing windows and moving them.  double-touch action is also flaky. The Good:  no mouse or keyboard wires. THe Bad:  The keys are too small, touchad is on right side of keyboard. Left touchpad button is too big and doesn't respond very well.  The touchpad latency isn't very good. It works, but not worth the $30 something I paid for it.  Its only worth about $10.00, and then at least I would be able to expect this quality.
Sometimes price really does say something about quality. This product stopped working a few weeks after I purchased it. The mouse pad and mouse buttons stopped responding, and I just threw the thing to the garbage. Very disappointing.
I work at a large institution where we install many of these keyboards. Our users seem to like the ergonomics, but that is about it. These keyboards suffer from poor quality (made in China like everything else these days) and I've got a stack of bad ones sitting beside me that have to be thrown out due to non-functioning keys. I've also had users complain about sticking spacebars (yes, even on relatively new keyboards), and they just don't seem to hold up. You've been warned - these things are poor quality and you're taking a risk buying one. Or you could buy two, so you have a spare when the first one breaks. The only trouble with that, is I don't believe in rewarding companies for making bad products by simply buying more of their garbage.
I got this as an HTPC remote. I did like the backlight (great!) and the track pad (pretty good). However, it requires 2 hands to activate the media buttons- the FN + F1 to F8. There is *NO* Stop, Fast Forward, or Fast Reverse buttons. For this reason it is totally unacceptable as an HTPC remote. Who do you know who would use 2 hands on a TV remote control? I am going to return this product and look into other HTPC remotes.
I used the original Microsoft Natural keyboard for so many years I can't remember, but I bought it the first year it was out. It was still working fine when I switched to a black Belkin copy. When I took that to work I bought the Microsoft Natural 4000 for home. It is fine except to one thing - after writing one book with it the E, D, S, and C keys are nearly blank. OK, that book was a year and half in the making and about 1 million characters but still my first one was put through much more than that with almost no letter wear. I don't understand why they would apparently cheap-out on the lettering.
OK, it is a keyboard with a touch pad that is wireless and works through a small USB receiver.  What I wanted.  What I did not want, is the horribly cheap clunky feel.  I am actively looking for an alternative, anything but this...
The Microsoft Comfort Curve 2000 keyboard  performs well considering it is one of the least expensive keyboards you can buy.  I have to use a lot of different computers and I wanted an ergonomic keyboard for one of my extra workstations.  I actually have to type notes on that machine quite regularly.  I needed the keyboard to be corded and I was hoping that it would be affordable. Logitech's Wave Keyboard  is my favorite by far.  That corded version they used to sell cost 3 or 4 times as much as the MS CC and it was well worth it.  However, it's not widely sold any longer so after searching I opted for this instead.  I thought the Microsoft Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000  keyboards were overpriced based upon past experience with them.  I regret not getting that one instead. This keyboard will be perfect for those who want the lowest profile ergonomic keyboard they can find.  But for those who do a lot of typing, this keyboard's overall feel is not nice to type on.  The keys don't have the tactile feedback of even the basic free keyboard bundled with new computers.  The curve of the keypad layout is slightly better than the traditional linear design of those freebies.  But it is not curved enough to really be ergonomic. Pros ++ Keyboard installs itself on Vista or later and all extra keys work with the basic drivers ++ Key layout is curved slightly, good for those who don't want a full split keyboard ++ Integrated number pad is a nice extra for a budget keyboard ++ Quiet key action will suit those who don't like loud "clicky" keyboards ++ CTRL Shortcuts are starred under common keys like x, c, v, b, u, I, & f, making this a good learning keyboard ++ Additional extra keys include the normal function keys, back, forward, music controls and 3 extras (web/home, search & mail) ++ There's even a calculator shortcut button built-in ++ Keyboard's lower profile is much thinner than most ergonomic keyboards ++ Lowest cost in an ergonomic keyboard makes this an option for those on a budget Cons -- Plastic body is noticeably cheap -- Keys have little tactile feedback, making this unpleasant to use for longer periods -- Not curved enough for those who prefer full split ergonomic designs -- Keys are sticker prints that will eventually wear off (typical of low cost keyboards) -- High failure rates (also typical of low cost keyboards ALTERNATIVES It's a challenge to find decent results with ergonomic or split keyboards in this price range.  Even at twice the price, I wish I would have chosen another option.  The Microsoft Natural Ergonomic Desktop 7000  and Logitech Cordless Desktop Comfort Laser  are each good options for those willing to spend more.  And if you don't mind a more expensive wireless option, the Logitech K350  has the Wave design and is the primary keyboard I use on my main computer.  Still, all the ergonomic alternatives require you to spend more. CONCLUSION I like the mix of functions and the value cannot be beat.  But if you are looking for a true ergonomic split keyboard feel or even the "middle of the road" feel of the Wave, you will wish you had spent more on one of the alternatives.  And if you like your keys to have a little bounce to them, you will likely be disappointed by this keyboard as well. This is still worth it for a true backup keyboard that won't get used more than a few hours at a time, or for those who want the low profile and quiet key action.  For everybody else, look elsewhere.
Overall the keyboard is great.  The programmable keys are a nice feature. The layout does feel "natural".  The palm rest is perfect and the installation was easy.  So, why am I giving a rating of 2?  The only thing wrong is the space bar key is really tough to press.  All the other keys are soft and take little effort to strike.  However, if you push the space bar from the edges instead of the middle, it takes an extreme amount of pressure to strike it.  I am a developer and the keyboard is my most essential computer accessory.  I am reminded every time I strike it that the keyboard is flawed. I am starting to think the space bar key should have been split the way it is shaped to keep it from sticking.
Recently switched to this model from the natural keyboard elite. cons: - The keys are quieter on this model, but slightly harder to depress causing a minor slow down.  This is only a concern for the fast typers, and it could just be the unit I received. - The shortcut buttons look and feel kind of cheap. pros: - It looks pretty cool with black monitors and mice. - The wrist-rest is made out of a comfortable synthetic material.
Recently I changed my PC and although my old keyboard (a MICROSOFT Multimedia) was still in perfect working condition, I decided to change the whole set up. I still had fond memories of my old MS NATURAL ELITE PRO keyboard I had used writing my Thesis, so I decided on the 4000 model which seemed to be its improved replacement. I have had the keyboard for about two months - here are my impressions: THE GOOD: - The 4000 is not just another beautiful keyboard but a REALLY comfortable one too. Not only are the curves natural and well molded but the minimally padded leather-imitation wrist-rest offers a silky sense of luxury. The keyboard comes out of the box with a negative angle attachment, which can easily be removed - it is comfortable but personally I need to see what I am typing. - Compared to other Ergonomic keyboards, one has to note that unless the keys are physically separated into two groups any ergonomic effects will be minimal. So, if you are thinking of Logitech's Wave , it is a good idea to actually give both of them a try at a local store before making a choice. As I said, I am no professional typist (yes, more of a 2-fingers) yet I found that my typing is much faster and my typos more rare when using Natural keyboards. - I liked the idea of the BACK/FORWARD buttons at the wrist-rest. Although most mice now have this functions on their side buttons, it is still a big help when browsing (my mouse has a Magnifying Function where the FORWARD usually is). - Also, this is a really quiet keyboard. You get a satisfactory feeling when pushing a button but instead of an annoying "clack" sound only a muted "tap" is heard. Ideal if your wife is in the habit of taking naps in your home-office couch. - As an avid gamer favoring the right side of the keyboard (arrow keys instead of the WASD configuration) I enjoyed the ample room around the former. - Finally, I liked the placement of an extra set of EQUAL, PARENTHESIS and BACKSPACE at the top right corner (especially the parenthesis, I always hated finding the opening and closing one among the numbers) Now, THE BAD: - For some reason the ENTER and RIGHT SHIFT keys are too small! I could do with regular sized "H" and "N" keys if it would mean not hunting the ENTER. And this is a large keyboard, I doubt it would make any difference if it was yet a bit longer for that. - The SPACE bar is, well, fickle. Sometimes it works even if hit at the side. Others it refuses to respond unless hit at the middle. - The key letters and symbols have a tendency to rub off(!). This is totally unacceptable for a premium priced product - especially one sporting MICROSOFT's brand name. I decided to wait for the problem to become more pronounced and have this one replaced. - The Media keys on top do not sit well in their homings and are not perfectly aligned. Especially the VOLUME UP in my keyboard seems to rest at an angle. Again, poor quality control for such an expensive and brand name product. All in all: a mixed bag of good features but with compromises and inferior quality control. I REALLY miss my old NATURAL ELITE PRO keyboard - if it came in black I would buy one again.
The main reason I bought this device was for a home theater PC. Overall, it's been an average experience. The device itself is deceptively small, comparable to weight of a medium sized cellphone. Key/button placement is good after you get accustomed to it. Windows 7 installs the device without any issues. My biggest problems is trying to use shortcuts is all but impossible as the mousepad gets in the way and the charge doesn't seem to last all that long if it's actually being used for anything more than typing a quick URL or using the mouse for a few quick clicks. A tertiary issue is that the connection does seem to get lost when the power is low. I found simply letting it charge for a minute while 'off' will often restore the device. The low battery indicator doesn't go off even though the transmission from device to receiver have all but stopped. For the price, these are headaches that can be lived with. Update: After 35 days of owning it, the device has totally stopped working. After approximately 32 days of ownership, the connection issues went from intermittent to continual on day 33 to now permanent on day 34. Will be returning this as though it was okay, this is incredibly bad when the item simply refuses to work after just over 30 days.
If you only occasionally type, or you're a hunt-and-peck typist, then this keyboard would be an excellent choice for you.  The split keyboard takes some getting used to if you've never used one before, but once you have, you'll never want to go back to a regular square model. The keys on this keyboard are perfectly shaped to cradle your fingers, and the space bar works effortlessly without having to pound your thumb.  <p>But, if you are a touch-typist and your fingers already know where the keys are supposed to be, then you'll be greatly disappointed and/or frustrated with this Natural Keyboard Elite.  I agree with the other negative reviews regarding the smaller size and changed arrangement of the Insert/Home keys, and the smaller squished-together arrow keys.  To paraphrase a saying, they shouldn't have fixed something that wasn't broke.  I use my keyboard 8 hours a day in my occupation as a medical transcriptionist.  I've been typing/keyboarding for 30+ years and my fingers know where the keys are even if I can't remember.  So it is a great nuisance to have to constantly look down away from the monitor to see what key my finger is trying to reach.  I keep hitting the Home key when I intend to hit the Insert key, because that's the place the Insert key is supposed to be.  The newly sized and arranged directional arrows are impossible to correctly hit without first hitting every other key around them.  <p>It's been mentioned in prior reviews that the keyboard I'm looking for is the Natural Pro, so I guess I'll need to go for a "test drive" of that one.  And I'll be sure to bring along a map of the key placement I know and love so I won't make this mistake again.
I had an extremely similar product from another manufacturer that I LOVED.  It's power switch broke, so I needed a new one.  Bought this one, and it's ok.  The touch pad isn't nearly as sensitive.  Seems like I have to lick my finger, or press very firmly for it to track my mouse courser.  Overall the buttons have a pretty good feel, and the keyboard works as expected.  I'm just very disappointed in the touch pad.
Take the time to read a few of the 100+ 1-star reviews. I chose to listen to the 4 to 5 star reviews and returned the FAVI device because it only worked when standing right in next to the receiver (the receiver was located in the front of the PC with no obstructions at all). After I took a step back, it barely worked. If I took 5 steps back, it stopped completely. With the options of moving the couch right next to the TV/PC or return the unit, I chose the return. Now the good news - The Magic-Pro ProMini RF-Touch 2 Wireless Keyboard - 2nd Generation  is essentially the same unit but it works (maybe because it is "2nd generation")! I've tested the Magic-Pro and it works extremely well from 12ft (it may work from even a longer distance). There is also a bluetooth version of the Magic-Pro.
I returned the Microsoft comfort keyboard in exchange for a Logitech K350 wave. Much better key board.
I was very excited to get this to use with my projector in my home theater. As soon as i got it I charged it up. After charging it up I plugged the usb adapter in and my computer immediately installed the drivers, the mouse and some of the buttons worked properly. But some buttons dont work at all. and while watching a movie the keyboard will be sitting on the table and all of sudden a key is being pressed repeatedly, I had to unplug the usb adapter to get it to stop. A very amazing idea but surely it can be manufactured with better quality parts.
As others have mentioned here, this keyboard is great with one exception - the spacebar!  It is really ironic since the ergonomic form forces your hands to rest at angles, naturally drawing your thumbs away from the center of the spacebar.  Any pressure at the outer corners of the spacebar causes the cheap plastic to warp and bind the plunger mechanism. I find it amazing that MS did not figure out that this spacebar is a complete piece of junk before it mass produced this device.
To write this review I had to remove the keyboard and plug back in my old one.  I tried to use this for a day and it was too painful--the spacebar is impossible to press.  I've been working on computers for over 20 years and never have experienced anything like this.  I'll be returning this ASAP.  I gave this keyboard 1 star because I don't have the option of rating 0 stars
You are gentle on your peripherals. I have had this keyboard for roughly 3 months and since it's purchase the line feed protector from the board has slipped, the connection is now compromised and if it is shifted more than a few inches it stops working. The only great thing this board has going for it is the slight curve of the keys, though it is hardly noticeable, unlike the split ergonomic boards. Would I recommend this board to a friend, maybe, if they are the anal retentive type that Velcros theirs in place so that there is no risk of pulling the wire out or the board slipping; Other than that, no, it isn't worth the extra for the slight curve and problems it creates.
When I first received the keyboard it worked perfect.  After 1 week key presses would not register on my HTPC.  I charged my keyboard fully and still no change.  It now works basically like a bad wireless keyboard.  Every 1 out of 10 key strokes are missed.  It works but I am not happy with it.  I don't know if I got a bum unit or what.  I ordered it because of the great reviews. My HTPC is 10ft away and my receiver is plugged into the front of my HTPC in clear site.  It is not a distance thing because it still does not work properly when I am 2 feet away from it.
It's a reasonably comfortable standard-layout keyboard. All (home, arrows, etc) keys are in a very standard layout for a full-size keyboard. I do quite a bit of typing at work, and I got very used to the shape at work so I bought one for home. Once I started using it at home I really started to notice how noisy it is. If I'm in the living room you can hear every key press in the nearby bedroom. Especially the space bar. Yes, a lot of keyboards are noisy but surely not this bad? It's got fancy extra buttons for back/forward/volume, web/search/mail. The only ones I use of those are the volume control buttons, especially mute, as the rest can be more easily controlled via standard shortcut key combinations. The volume control buttons at the top are not as good as a knob control, as you have to press them like 10 or 20 times to make a large adjustment. They have been very reliable for me. I've used one at home, two at work, and I haven't had any of them breakdown yet. Update #1: I've been using one of the ones at work for 4 years now. Still going OK, but I use it less often as at work on my main computer I've switched to the Microsoft 'Natural' ergonomic keyboard. The reason for the switch was that I realized that because I don't have to move my fingers as much with the ergonomic keyboard I can actually type just that tiny little bit faster. At least it feels faster. I haven't tried any typing tests to verify. I really should do that huh. OK. I am apparently getting 75 WPM on the Comfort Curve. I have to remember to try it on the Natural for a proper comparison huh. :) I am still using this keyboard at home, and not feeling an urge to upgrade it there.
It was almost a better keyboard than all the rest, BUT - It is less bent than the earlier natural keyboards - - - unless you are tiny, your wrists won't be straight - the home-end-pgup-pgdn key group are changed again - - - back to 2 rows of 3 keys - - - if you just relearned the 3 rows of 2 keys layout, this is really bad - the left corner of the wrist rest is cut way too close - - - if you have big hands the edge digs into your hand - miserable! - the rows of keys are FLAT - - - you must prop your wrists up high - - - - so you don't hit the key below the one you want - - - - BUT adding a wrist rest hides the LED's for caplock, etc - - - - - and blocks the back & forward buttons - the cord exits right on the edge - - don't let it land on edge - the cord will be severely bent - - - I lost a Natural MM KB with a cord like this - - - - (Natural Pro recessed the cord exit, no risk of bent cord)
I wish I would have known how hard it was to type on this keyboard before I spent $75 on it when I ordered it directly from Dell.  I hate it.
The space bar is so rigid you will soon be pain.  I took the space bar off and discovered it had so many pegs holding it in place that that thing isn't moving anywhere!  Add to that the fit of the pegs in the holes is quite tight, causing the bar to be difficult to push even if you hit the bar right in the middle.  The space bar will not loosen up over time.
I accidentally spilled some water on my ergo keyboard last week and the control key and "c" key were out of commission. I purchased the 4000 and tried it out as a replacement. The keyboard is huge. If you are using a computer desk with a slide out keyboard tray, this monster will either scrape underneath the desk or not fit in at all when you try to slide it back in. There are lots of bells and whistles such as programmable keys and the sort, but these are more of a gimmick than anything else. The key response and placement are ok, but it's easy to mistype because of the angle of the keys. After two days, I returned this keyboard. It has a nice wrist cushion, but overall, the feel of the keys, the unwieldy over-sized footprint, and flimsy keys don't add up to a very good typing experience. The Microsoft Natural Elite runs circles around the 4000. Oh, and after two days, my keyboard dried out and works fine again.
This keyboard would be perfect if it worked with logitechs setpoint software. I don't know what happened when they put out this keyboard. Not having setpoint for the keyboard makes things more tricky you don't get the popup notifications in windows telling you what button you just hit, (num lock caps lock email home etc) there's no battery indicator no sort of indicator at all for anything really. your guessing if the caps lock is on or num lock is off. If you are looking for a wireless keyboard skip this one it's terrible. I had the mk300 version of this keyboard before, but I decided to update to this one due to the fact that the mk300 only had 48-bit encryption (very weak!) The security upgrade to 128-bit AES is awesome, but not at the lack of features/interest on logictechs part for this keyboard.
This thing sucks. It was easy enough to set up once I went online to look at a video as no initial setup instructions where in the documentation. It was hide and seek with the usb stick. Once I put it in the pc it came right up. I wanted to use it to control the pc connected to my T.V. My sofa is about 10-12 feet from the pc and I had spotty service at best (It advertises 30'). If I held it as displayed in the picture it would not connect. I would have to hold it at the mouse end with one hand in the air. The mouse movement was inconsistent. Typing was terrible too. It works great if you are close enough to use the keyboard but then what is the point. AS A SIDE NOTE I have no other Bluetooth devices and taking in consideration nominal EM interference from the T.V and WIFI this device still sucks.
I was initially happy with this keyboard.  It was much more comfortable than any other keyboard I've used.  The keys were very quiet and smooth.  It had many convenient shortcut keys which I could reprogram for my own custom purpose.  There is one fatal flaw, however. If you get ANY liquid on it, it will be completely ruined.  I spilled a glass of water on the first one I bought, and I figured I'd just let it dry out and it would be fine, like any other keyboard.  It never worked again; most of the keys did not work.  Another time, I just choked on some water and got a TINY bit on the second one of these keyboards I bought, and again, completely ruined.  The reason for this appears to be that there is not one solid plastic piece under the keys.  If you remove some keys, you can see the contacts inside, so if you get a little bit of water on it, it will drip straight down and ruin the entire thing.  Someone suggested removing all the keys and spraying some rubbing alcohol down there to help any excess water evaporate out.  I'll try it right after I finish typing this, but I doubt it will work.  Seems like a pretty big design flaw, considering the price of this one, and that I've had keyboards for under $10 that you can dunk in water and will still work if you just let them dry out for a day or so. Overall, it's a great keyboard but if you are prone to spilling things, you'll end up buying a new one every month or so.  I'm shopping for a waterproof keyboard right now but I'm going to miss the design of this one.
It's not a bad keyboard, but I've been using it for work for about a year and the first think that annoys me is that the letters on the keys wear off. The second is that I'm not an expert typist so I'm a bit off on my key presses. On this keyboard it's easy to type multiple keys on accident (I find it happens more often with passwords) due to the sloppy feel of the keyboard. (This could just be me). I wouldn't recommend it simply because of the letters wearing off the key caps.
pos. don't waste your time. does not maintain connection.  it is unusable.  i returned it. buy the cideko air keyboard.  it is fun to use and works great.
Read all these reviews about Great Battery Life but my mouse battery died in less than 2 months and worst of all there is no battery strength indicator either!! I am not satisfied with this product
I bought one of these at a mega-discount chain store for $16.00, to use as a backup keyboard in case my Logitech K750 goes on the fritz.  The keys must have been designed in a carnival funhouse.  It's big and ultra-cheap.  What can you expect for $16.00?
I'm normally a big fan of microsoft ergo keyboards, and have always prefered ergo over a standard keyboard. However, after a few days of using this newly redesigned keyboard, I was extremely disappointed and had to exchange it for a standard logitech keyboard. First, this keyboard is very large. This really isn't a problem. However, the tiny plastic feet that support the back of the keyboard can barely support it's weight. Any pressure on these feet will cause them to bend or break. Once looking at them, you'll easily see why. Second, it looks like Microsoft decided that since the keyboard was split and that they had extra room, they would change the size of a few lettered keys towards the middle so they are twice the size of a normal key! Add this to the fact that the keys feel "squishy" and you've got one crazy typing experience. It certainly does not feel natural at all. I really did try to get use to this, but I kept finding myself pressing incorrect keys, or having to look at the keyboard to make sure I hit the right key. The large hot keys at the top of the keyboard are a nice touch. But for media playback, it has a Play/Pause button, and that's it. No next, forward, back, or even a stop button. For no apparent reason, they are simply nowhere to be found. Now, it does feel comfortable (even though you can barely type at half your normal typing speed), and it looks great. And that's where the compliments end. I even had 2 other friends try out the keyboard, and they agreed... it's just not natural. Pros: - It looks great in black/silver - Comfortable to rest your hands on the keyboard - Keyboard has a good solid feel (excluding feet). Cons: - The tiny plastic feet are useless - Some letters on keyboard are larger than others (annoying) - Keys feel way too soft and offer no feedback - Missing extra media controls While this keyboard may be "comfortable" and looks nice, it's just not practical for daily use if the feet break, the keys feel strange, and it slows down your typing experience. I'd suggest going with an older microsoft ergo keyboard or sticking with a standard keyboard.
I've purchased and returned THREE of these keyboards in a desperate attempt to make this work out.  The good part is the cushioned wrist rest, which is why I really wanted this to work out.  The bad parts are......The spacebar is awful.  Hard to depress, sticky, just awful.  Why can they not split the spacebar into two keys?  Seems a simple solution for a terrible design.  Next is the "Y" key, which seems to be just as bad as the spacebar, with exactly the same issue.  I had an older version of this keyboard, and the keys on the old keyboard are closer together, or for some reason, just easier to depress.  The spacing of the keys on this keyboard seems too large (?) for my hands to get a good, comfortable pace.  Also, it's loud.  The keys are loud.  Loud enough to wake the dog.  I'm constantly looking for ways to type more "quietly."  I'm so disappointed.  I tried to make it work.  I bought THREE of these, only to subsequently return them.  I spend hours and hours typing all day for work, and not being able to find a good ergonomic keyboard is most depressing.
This keyboard is a piece of junk! I have always used Microsoft keyboards before and have always been very pleased. The space bar is very stiff and my thumb hurts if I use the keyboard too often. Don't buy this keyboard if you like to type fast,
I do not like the design of this keyboard compared to other natural/ergonomic models.  I particularly dislike the design of the spacebar.  It addition to being extremely noisy when pressed, the spacebar requires more pressure than an average keyboard to use.  Because of the raised slope design in the middle of the keyboard, this is actaully causing the tendon from my thumb into my wrist to ache - and that is the first and foremost reason I use a natural/ergonomic keyboard.  I am quite uncomfortable after writing just a few short emails and have to keep stopping to stretch my wrist.  I will be returning the keyboard and trying to find another replacement that I like better.
Since then, I have lost the B key as well as the left and down arrow. Used a total of 10 or 11 times, and packed away the rest of the time. Did not keep receipt - this is my first keyboard that ever broke. Otherwise it feels a it cheap, ergonomic form is nice though and not too drastic, so it's easy to switch with my normal one at work.
I am on my second one of these.  The first one lasted 3 years, before several keys started refusing to respond--even with extra pressure.  But that's not my problem.  My problem is the keycaps.  The ink used to print the letters is very low quality, and although it took a couple of years for the first keyboard's paint to wear off, the second one wore off within weeks.  Trying to get microsoft to fix it?  Nightmare-- a call to them, and they wanted me to send this $40 keyboard back, at my expense, then they would send a replacement... meanwhile?  What do I use for a keyboard...?  And it's heavy and bulky.  It'd cost nearly as much as a new one. I love the layout, though, and finding true ergonomic keyboards is becoming harder to do, what with Logitec bailing out completely, along with many other vendors. So I make do with my Brother P-Touch label maker's little tags replacing the worn paint.  But these only last a week or so, before needing replacement. I suppose I could purchase from a local vendor, then return it within their trial period for a replacement, and keep this up until Microsoft starts paying attention to quality control... ... it's a pity, they didn't take a lesson on how to make keys from the old IBM keyboards from early 1980's.  Those used double-shot plastic, and the letters went all the way through the plastic. 2 of 5 stars, for poor quality manufacturing. Edit-- Update -- I have fixed the missing paint on the keycaps.  I located on-line (another vendor) some extremely durable acrylic keycap labels.  They were roughly $10 or so, but they have fixed this keyboard's only major flaw.  I followed the instructions, cleaning the key tops with strong cleaner (I did not worry at this point, in removing paint.....) and then dried with clean paper towels.  Then I stuck the labels with tweezers.  Perfect.
I have owned this keyboard and the mouse which came with it for 2 months.  Installation was nothing better or worse than any other keyboard/mouse installation.  Switching from flat to ergonomic was interesting, but worth loss of wrist pain.  Its size is a bit larger than I'm accustomed to, the keys do not accept double letters and make me hit the same key three to four times to get two f's or two l'l or two anything, and the spacebar has to be hammered to work, but all in all, things were working out.  My problems stem from the fact that I do not use other Microsoft programs aside from Windows.  The mouse wheel does not function when browsing the internet.  The side magnification button doesn't work at all.  And the Function Keys, which my word processing program utilizes for speedy shortcuts, will not work.  I am left with the feeling that Microsoft is creating its products to force consumers to use only its software and that really makes me angry.  I live in a free country and have the right to use whatever software I choose.  Therefore, I am tossing this item into the trash, because I would feel rotten trying to sell it to someone else, and I will never purchase another Microsoft keyboard or mouse.  I would rather return to the old fashioned typewriter than be forced into using programs which I consider inferior to those I currently use.
I have never been able to use this keyboard. The battery life is horrible. I have to leave the keyboard plugged in to the socket, which defeats the entire purpose of having a remote sized keyboard. Once unplugged the battery does not last more that 15 minutes. Once it is discharged plugging in won't make any difference and it takes around 30 minutes before it starts working again. I am not sure if the device drains the battery or the piece I received had a defective battery. It would have been useful if they had provided slots for adding AA batteries.
i bought this hoping it'd cure my terrible carpal tunnel, but its unusable because of the space bar.  its POORLY MANUFACTURED and very stiff.  so stiff, this is me typing with it: dont buy thisproduct beccause ther spacebar is complete crap this productis conpleteltterri8bleahd the spacebar iiscausing an excruciatingpaininnmy thumb. yep.  buy something else.
I use Microsoft keyboards for many years and I was always happy until this keyboard appeared. It feels great, it looks good but it's just not working. I've owned 2 keyboards in row. On my first "H" button breaks every 2 month and I have to use my screwdriver and clean the keyboards, all the insides are very cheap and unprotected. Anything inside keyboard can prevent a button from functioning. Then I've decided to buy one more keyboard. A month and a half later "Y" key is barely functioning. So if you have better things to do than unscrewing and cleaning your keyboard, choose anything else. I still have noname keyboards from 95 and all of them still function excellent.
I would not recommend this product to anyone. I type very softly but the "enter" button stopped working after only three months. Several other customers have had problems with other buttons stop working after as little as a week or two (see the Amazon discussion forum on this product). Also the space button is really hard to press. The return policy is very unclear and Microsoft charges you 35 $ only to ask one of their agents a question (keybord costing 39$!). Better buy a different keyboard.
I love that this is wireless and I find typing on the keyboard is great, but 2 downfalls.  The batteries don't last that long. I have all ready had to change the batteries twice in the time I bought this and I notice that the keyboard sometimes lags when I am typing. Next keyboard I get probably won't be this one.  Sorry Logitech. I usually love your products.
The description says that with the USB receiver you should be able to have a range of up to 30 ft. My tower is maybe 3 feet away and the keyboard and mouse constantly do not work. If either are not in a direct line of sight with my tower they're junk. There is also no light to let you know if the caps lock or number lock are on. I am currently looking for a new set--this was a complete waste of money!!!
95% of this keyboard is of a fantastic ergonomic design. It's that last 5% that kills you. Specifically, the arrow keys. Granted, most people won't need them, but if you're a programmer, then having arrow keys chopped in half and shoved into a non-standard configuration is a major shortcoming. Even at a 49% discount, don't buy this keyboard. Buy an ergonomic keyboard with standard-sized and configured arrow keys. Trust me, you'll be happier for it.
The keyboard is quiet and keeps my wrist in a good position when it works. Keys: T,R,F,G,V stopped working after four months. I don't eat at my desk, so there wasn't anything to clean when I took the keyboard apart. Stay away from this product.
Note: There are two versions of this keyboard 1. The wired version (this review) 2. The wireless version with mouse (comes with PS2 adapter) FOR THOSE LOOKING FOR A MICROSOFT OS COMPATIBLE KEYBOARD WITH ERGONIMICS, THIS IS A FANTASTIC KEYBOARD. I have waited a long time for Microsoft to release a new version of the Natural Keyboard. I have been using the original MS Natural line since they first hit the market. I was extatic to see the 4000 on the shelf. It has all the updated engineering features I could want. MS did some things right: It's in black (gone are the days of the beige box), power user keys a re included, the keyboard now has a base tilt, and finally rest pad. This keyboard is my dream. Most people will find this an outstanding keyboard. If I didn't have a KVM, I would give this keyboard a 5 star rating. Those who use the MS Natural Keyboard Elite will find the 4000 line a joy. While the elite has a harder response and "Click Sound", the 4000 has a softer response makes this keyboard a lot quieter. Some may find the changes disconcerting.  The "T" and "G" keys are consistently larger than the elite (The elite T&G keys are technically the same size as the 4000 series, but are raised in such a way that typists may need to get used to the new feel of these keys). Key changes are as follows: 1. The right windows key (between the "alt" and "menu" hot-keys in line with the space bar) is now gone. 2. The home, end, delete, page down, page up, and insert block has been modified. Instead of three rows and two columns, the new layout is two rows and three columns 3. The function keys now have presets (optional) 4. There are now silver hot keys at the top for 5 programmable functions and several other keys for standard windows functions such as e-mail, home directory, zoom, mute, increase/decrease volume, play/pause, and calculator 5. There is now a zoom slider in the middle of the keyboard. The ergonomics are even better than the Elite, the keyboard is no longer raised by means of the plastic feet in the back. Instead the 4000 tilts forward with the base pad. Also, the 4000 is far more comfortable on the palms with its addition of padding. Aesthetically, many will find the black and silver combination a pleasing change from the bland white keyboard. FOR THOSE WISHING TO USE THIS KEYBOARD FOR MULTIPLE OS's SUCH AS LINUX ETC, CAVAET EMPTOR! Unfortunately, when I took the keyboard home, I found out like many THAT THIS KEYBOARD IS NOT PS2 COMPATIBLE - EVEN WITH A USB TO PS2 ADAPTER! My dream became a nightmare when I realized there would be no way to connect this keyboard to my KVM switch (I won't go into the issue of using a USB KVM. Checking the boards, it seems that this is a common problem. So back to the store it goes. Really this is a shame. I am surprised that someone didn't think of a way to rectify this with some type of adapter. In conclusion, the added functionality seems geared mainly towards the windows OS and a single system. For most people, this keyboard will serve just fine.
I've been using split keyboards since 1995, all Microsoft. I could tell the current keyboard (of 8 years) was beginning to skip letters as I type -- warning signal! So I purchased a new one which has now moved to storage until I am simply forced to use it: 1)  Keyboard clicks are sharp or tinny -- I think due to the thin materials used for the housing. 2)  The keyboard speed is maddeningly slow.  I have tried the new keyboard on both XP and Win 7, set both OS's at the highest speed and still the keyboard creeps until I want to throw it out the window.  Regular typing is OK, but if you want to move the cursor to somewhere else on the page that has no keyboard shortcuts, take a long deep breath.  Deleting, whether forward or back is also annoyingly slow.
This keyboard mouse device is not what I expected.  The wireless range of the device seems limited, even though it says it has a range of 50 feet. Performance seems to drop off after about 6 feet.  There is a disclaimer in the documentation that states that "All wireless devices are subject to interference, thus affecting the performance of this product." I should have read a few more reviews before purchasing this product.  I'll research more next time.
I bought this keyboard to replace my old MS Natural which was 7 years old. I loved that keyboard. The keys had just the right feel, and the quality was excellent. Understanding that it would be impossible to buy another keyboard built with that quality, I went searching. I decided on the Microsoft Natural Elite because of the reviews I read here. Updated Review 8/22/2010. Since I have now owned the Microsoft Natural Keyboard Elite for 5 months, I think I have a better understanding of why some of the reviews for this product were negative. Since my purchase on March 31, I have started coding Java, and doing a lot more writing. The spacebar has always been a problem. It sticks badly if it is hit on or near the edges. I am also having trouble with the shift keys. Like the spacebar, it sticks badly if you don't hit it just right. This applies to both the shift keys, so it's not a defect per-se, it's a design flaw. I have had enough of this keyboard. I am going to look for a different one at a local retailer where I can try the keyboard before I buy it. Right now, I'm thinking a Logitech. Anything but another Microsoft product! After 5 months, I rate this keyboard unacceptable, unless you don't use it much, or have a very heavy hand. Definitely not the keyboard for writers or coders.
Would not work on either of two machines (Windows XP Home & Windows 7 Professional). Each machine recognized the USB receiver and properly configured it as an additional keyboard and mouse, but I could never get the unit to communicate with the computer. Went to the Rii web site and tried the reset procedure multiple times, but it did not help. I am returning the unit to Amazon for a refund.
This is not a bluetooth device, even though if you search in Amazon, "bluetooth mini keyboard" this is the first hit.  Also, someone posted a review saying that this works flawless with the Atrix- impossible!  I have already contacted the seller and hope for a trade for a real bluetooth keyboard to use with my phone
The space bar is terrible because it sticks and it is to short and noisy.  The delete and shift keys are too far to reach.
This popular keyboard is famous for having keys suddenly stop working, work intermittently or different keys work at intermittent times.  Try this: hold the keyboard securely by hand from one corner and give it a good smack the back of it with the other.  I found this remedy out on the web, tried it and got mine working again. The three I own break so often I started keeping the boxes to return them but maybe we now have a solution to avoid returning them every year.  I like & use this keyboard everyday but gave it one star so folks could find this "fix" hint easily.
It was nothing short of a miracle, you don't have to get off the sofa to navigate Netflix movies on your internet enabled TV?! I mean, this is a piece of heaven. However, within 2 months, it started needing re-start and turn off-and-on to work. We thought that's ok, we all get old sometimes, and like a PC, you need to reboot every now and then. But after these warning signs and within another 2 months, lo and behold, the device's heart would not start beating again. No amount of button-pushing, waving, overnight charging, re-starting, shaking, quick on-off switching, sniffing, and liking, not even dancing and jumping would bring life to the comatose device. It is practically dead! the lights still come on though, and yes, the laser pointer still works! I will be looking for another more reliable remote keyboard, maybe something with good reviews. If you know of a good one, please reply, thank you.
Why did Microsoft put the number 6 on the left hand side of the split, when typing instructors teach you to use your right index finger? This is the main flaw in the design of this keyboard.  Otherwise, this is a good ergonomic keyboard for the price.
The good: + small + light + no reception issues + very tiny USB dongle + convenient volume control + it has a touch pad + Perfect if you are sitting in front of your TV and have to write an email, do a google search, etc. The bad: + After 2 months the touch pad stopped working: Only a small corner on the top left side is still working, the rest is insensitive to touch. I verified it on several computers. I was very happy with it until it failed, and without failure, it would have deserved 5 stars ;-(
I bought this ergonomic keyboard hoping to replace my old beloved Microsoft Natural Keyboard Pro. Unfortunately, I did not look closely enough at the displayed pictures before purchasing it. If you look closely at the arrow keys, "Insert", "Home", "Delete", and "End" keys you will see that the keys are smaller and arranged differently than a standard keyboard. I tried using it thinking I would get used to it, but it drove me nuts. I did not realize how often I use these keys. The numeric key pad and the regular typewriter keys are fine. In summary: Pro: Ergonomics are good Typewriter keys and numeric keypad are fine Con: arrow keys and navigation keys are too small and in a non-standard position keyboard is wobbly and little flimsy keys are a little mushy when pressed.
Ok, so I got this keyboard so I could be lazy on my couch and still have good control of my PC. The keyboard I bought was supposedly new but after a short inspection it was obvious that it has been used, refurbished, and resoled as "new". I could tell it by a scratch on the back of the keyboard and the fact that the screws have obviously been reused after it's been opened and "fixed". That's not all as the keyboard also had at least 1/2 sec input lag in the touchpad and the left touchpad button was mushy and did not click when I pressed it and also had problems registering the key press in the first place. I returned this piece of crap the next day after I received it and got Perixx Periboard-716 instead which does not have any of the above mentioned problems. I would not recommend this keyboard as it is the worst Logitech product I have used to date.
I still own and use an original MS Natural keyboard from 1995.  That keyboard's been through hell and is really showing its age in the form of lots of friction and loud keys. I bought the newer MS Natural 4000 a year or two ago at the local retailer for $40.  Compared to my old keyboard it was immediately apparent that they had really engineered the thing down to the thinnest, lightest materials possible.  The keys are reasonably quiet.  I felt like it needed more tilt and angle to the keys, but otherwise was a reasonable keyboard.  I do wish they had kept the editing keys and dispensed with the num pad altogether so that the keyboard wouldn't take up so much desk space. Then the enter key stopped working.  I took it apart and could find nothing wrong, even looking at the traces on the flex circuit under a low-power microscope.  I simply could not find the break, but there definitely was one in the flex circuit because all the other keys worked. For its price, it was okay, while it lasted.  This time I'm spending more on the leading (and most expensive) competitor hoping to get better quality.
pros: Decent product, works, has plenty of hot keys. cons: the mouse does not have forward/back buttons on it, and only a standard scroll wheel. keyboard button action feels a little muddy, which makes a huge difference for me, since I type a lot and I'm used to the low-pressure, low-distance action of laptop keyboards. It requires enough pressure that I'm afraid it will lead to repetitive stress injury (RSI). After using it for a day I can feel it in one wrist :(. Sent back for a model with easier key action. It's also kind of loud compared to what I expect these days. I wouldn't recommend this for any more than occasional use, where you don't have a sleeping roommate who might wake up if your keyboard is too loud!
The main space bar is very sticky, as one would learn from the numerous searches people have conducted on Google to learn how to fix it. In fact, there is no easy fix. I have found that using this stiff bar has exacerbated my thumb pain. Now Amazon will not allow a return since I'm past their very short return period. I don't know what warranty rights an Amazon purchaser has with respect to Microsoft. Shouldn't Microsoft fix this product, rather than continuing to sell it?
this is a great idea, but it does not really work with any reliability.  I tried it on my computer, my laptop, and the smart tv. First off, don't bother with the tv.  The only keyboards that work with the new tv's are the dlna type, still made by the tv manufacturers. The main issue is this will not stay linked up so you are never sure if it is going to work when you type the next word. Cute, but a waste of $$ if you really need one. Oh, and I certainly would not recommend you try a presentation at work with it, LOL.
In general, it is a perfect model, good for wrist and the shortcut key is useful. However, I find some points that defect the my rating. 1. The space bar is sometimes stiff, especially when you hit the edge. 2. I think the keyboard split angle should be more than 12 degree because I feel a little unsatisfied for I still need to twist my wrist a little. After all, it is much better than a standard keyboard.
The keys are very hard to press - within 1 minute of typing, I am already feeling cramps in my hands.  It's going back to the store tonight!
Its very nice and handy. Perfect size as well to browse while sitting in a couch. Good product for the price. Only issue is with the touch pad. Performs the click operation even when you intend to just move the mouse around and not click.
BOTTOM LINE:  If you want a production usage, moderate to heavy typing, wireless keyboard with a mouse pad, DO NOT GET THIS ONE. SIZE ########## PRO !!  If you want a smaller than normal keyboard, that does not take up as much room and is easier to handle for light typing, this is the one to get. RATING is a 5 out of 5 ! CON !!  If you want a normal size production keyboard that is easy to type on for moderate to heavy typing, THIS IS NOT THE  ONE  TO  GET. RATING is a 2 out of 5 !! MOUSE WHEEL ########## CON !!  This keyboard has NO  wheel for the mouse wheel.  If you are someone who uses the mouse wheel a lot, THIS IS NOT THE ONE TO GET. RATTING is a 1 out of 5 !! Total Rating:  5 + 2 + 1 = 8/3 = =  2.6  rounded up to  3 out of 5 !! BECAUSE I will be using my old wireless FULL size, non-mouse pad, keyboard rather than this too small of a one for my typing, I am personally giving this 1 out of 5. My 1 out of 5 rating is a BIAS rating simply because it does not meet my specific usage needs.  It's small size and the lack of a mouse wheel makes it useless to me for my usage.
Using a mini mac. Does not wake machine out of sleep mode. Slow for mouse to track across screen. Would not buy again.
Loved this keyboard for about three months, until the "n" and the "u" stopped working, very frustrating. BF has same keyboard and loves it, no problems. Get what you pay for, I suppose?
I don't know what Microsoft did from their 1st generation of this keyboard to their latest, but they've totally destroyed whatever reputation their original natural keyboard had. I have both the old kind (arrow keys in an inverted-T shape) and a new kind (arrow keys in a cross pattern) This keyboard had inherent problems with Windows NT 4.0 (certain keys would not work properly) and the keyboard feels cheap. Their original keyboard had a hinge underneath the back which would recurve the keyboard away from you.  This is the most comfortable setup for a typist.  The new kind now has the traditional lift-up on the back that cants the keyboard towards you....a very bad no-no and you are asking for permanent wrist damage. The original cost [$], this one is [$], and is exactly 1/2 the quality of the original version.  We bought a bunch of these for people at work and most have since swapped them out and have gone back to the standard wrist killers because this keyboard performed so poorly.<p>If you can still find a 1st generation MS Natural Keyboard, buy it, but stay away from any later versions.
My friend has bought recently one of these keyboards and I gave it a try. I have used for a long time (over 5 years) the first Microsoft ergonomic keyboards and I found it to date still the best. I still use it after 4 years. I particularly like the key feedback (the little click or resistance when the key is about to hit the bottom). The Ergo 4000 has keys that don't feel nearly as good as those from older keyboards - this being my major reason why I won't buy this keyboard (I would have otherwise). For me, the most important things in a keyboard design are: 1. Very good feel of the keys. I like keys that have a consistent feedback. Many of the newer keyboards just plain suck on that regard. They feel like cheap plastic (some keys are harder to hit and some are so light after a while that they get activated as soon as they are gently touched). 2. Ergonomic Design: The natural angle of the hands should be kept. Most of the ergonomic split keyboards or angled keyboards have this design. The keys should be spaced correctly. Some minor requirements for keyboards nowadays: - Should be USB - Would be great if they have built in USB ports (e.g. that you can plug in *your* mouse of choice, not the keyboard's designer mouse of choice!). This reduces the amount of cable that goes to the computer. I defintely do not care at all for wireless keyboards (unless you have an occasional use for a computer in your living room and want a stylish wireless keyboard). In general, they have communication problems after a while, signal strength and interference (bluetooth), need batteries and is just plain not worth all the effort. This is where Logitech is very disappointing in their keyboard palette. A keyboard has its first use: be good and efficient in hitting those keys - all the other stuff is secondary! Also, I couldn't care less for these internet, multimedia, you and me, me and you and who knows what else keys. If they're there and don't get in the way, fine, otherwise, just leave them out.
can't get consistent wireless range from the couch, especially if a piece of furniture is in the way.  Under Linux, I find I often have to unplug and replace the dongle to reset the mouse and keyboard.  I hate it.
I got a standard Leveno keyboard and I thought this one will be better in term of ergonomic. But it's not in 1 way - required a hard key-press. The first thing I tried it, I immediately realized that I need a very hard press on keys. I thought because it's new. However, after using it for 3 months, the tips of my fingers get hurt because I need to push too hard.
I'm hard on my keyboards.  Partly because I was trained on IBM selectrics and manual typewriters that belonged to my grandparents, and partly because I'm a classically trained cellist, my fingers slam into those keys fast and hard.  And then add in that I'm an author and hense a heavy user of keyboards. The ergonomic keyboards are the only ones I can use.  The teensy tiny flat earth keyboards of laptops and most of the ones that come with desk top computers are like the grid on a chessboard -- flat squares in a field of identical flat squares.  Another disadvantage from my standpoint is that there is no "feedback contact noise."  In other words:  without some clickity click or physical resistance from the keyboard, modern keyboards actually teach typists to be inaccurate since there is no immediate sensory feedback that the stroke has registered.  Since the ergonomic keyboards are shaped in a wave form (of sorts) there is a nominal communication from the keys that one has indeed typed that letter.  That's not enough for me.  So:  durability (type fast and hard) and feedback (keyboard tells you what you have done via resistance or sound, sensory input however subtle) are two vital issues for me in selecting a keyboard.  I am a MAC user, so it used to be that the ADDESSO (sp?) was the only show in town.  The Addesso keyboards were HORRIBLE.  I went through two of them a year.  (no excuse for that! the product was landfill).  So far, this new Microsoft keyboard is passing the sturdy test.  But let's give it some months of normal wear and tear to judge this.  The look of this machine is good.  The angle is adjustable.  That is also good.  But the layout is sloppy.  Number one annoyance:  The Caps Lock key is placed so closely to the Tab and Shift keys that I am forever grumbling at this machine as I accidentally hit the Caps Lock key instead of Shift or Tab.  Grumble.  Maybe as time goes on, I'll get better at it, but two months in, I'm dissatisfied.  The old keyboard developed a neurotic tic such that it would not register a capital Z.  Small Z was fine.  Capital Z did not work at all.  So why did my son and his wife name their daughter Zinnia?  Ironically, when this new keyboard arrived and got hooked up ....... same Z z tsoris.  It turned out to be some internal computer mutation that resolved with a simple toggle repair.  I am still adjusting to this keyboard.  Why Apple doesn't come out with its own compatible ergonomic keyboard is beyond me.  Anyone want to share impressions of this piece of equipment???  Tobie Shapiro
This is an awesome little keyboard that I've found to be quite usable.  The track pad is a bonus and I sometimes forget that it is there.  I think I'll find use for the laser pointer in meetings as I user the keyboard more. The main reason I can't give it 4 or 5 stars is that it requires a USB port for the device you want to use it with ruling out a number of mobile devices I had hoped to pair with this keyboard.  It is not a bluetooth keyboard.
It has a poorly documented booklet. The USB dongle was broken. First I charged in for 2 hours with no clue as to what to do, then still tried to pair it with my bluetooth enabled mini zotac box, still no connection, when I stumbled upon the USB dongle. It was already in 3 pieces with all the chipset sticking out with the USB metal case still stuck inside the dongle cover. No info on the website, no place to download drivers. Thanks to amazon for the easy returns. Need to find a better alternative. This is very inferior quality. I am wondering to order same thing again as I like the size and based on other 5 star reviews I believe they received this in good shape...Anyways would be my last resort if I don't find a better alternative. Usually I never write reviews for purchases but this one was one bad experience of buying that compelled me to do so.
I bought this in April and brought it back to China. While last month, it didn't work well... when you press one button, it will reflect couple characters. Called the Customer Service in China, they only accept goods purchased in China for warranty. Currently I can do nothing with this limped keyboard, though it was a very good one. Shall I send it back to US? Where shall I send it to?
I returned it.  It does not have anywhere near the range specified.  The best I could do with any PC was about 12 feet if I wanted it to work reliably.  If you can stand to have to retype 80% of what you type and have virually no mouse control you can get another 5 feet or so.  I tried the keyboard with three different PC's in three very different environments so I feel like I gave it a fair test.  I also tried it with 3 Android devices that I have and it wouldn't work with any of them. Jim
I purchased this keyboard on the recommendation that it is almost a full size keyboard.  Ah, but it is only almost full size when you include the touchpad.  The actual alpha keyboard is exactly the same size as the too small for average size hands as the Dell Mini 10 Netbook.  I purchased this to use with the Netbook and was saddened to learn that it provides no benefit. The touchpad works find, but overall the keyboard it too lightweight for effective typing from one's lap.  It is so light that it moves about too much with normal key strokes.  As others have mentioned, I could see this wearing out quickly -- though it should last a long time in the box because it is too small for frequent usage.
Its a great idea.  If it worked I would love it.  This unit was to be used to run my acer media PC that is about 10 feet from my couch.  This is beyond this units range. Bummer for me.
I moved to this keyboard from a Logitech G15 backlit gaming keyboard, so I'm spoiled as far as keyboards are concerned. If I could give this 3.5 stars I would, but I can't bring myself to give it four stars.  I'm not in love with this keyboard, but I don't dislike it either. Pros: This is overall a comfortable keyboard, and even with a short time using it I have been able to tell a difference in my wrist comfort. It's not so curved that it's difficult to adapt from using a straight keyboard. The wrist rest is lightly padded.  The texture of the wrist rest is smooth and comfortable. The media center buttons worked instantly with Windows 7, and having a calculator button is nice. Cons: Search button, zoom roller, and favorites buttons did not work until I installed downloaded drivers. Not really a con so much as a note. The media and favorite buttons are difficult to distinguish in low light. I may be misunderstanding how it works, but the zoom roller seems to get confused between whether it's scrolling or zooming.  I'm hoping I can figure out a way to make it only scroll, as I need to scroll a lot more than I need to zoom - turning off the zoom on the keyboard properties seems to disable the zoom roller altogether. The spacebar is really noisy.  So noisy that it makes me self-conscious that my husband's going to ask if I'm typing hate mail. The play-pause button was not flush with the keyboard until I popped it off and bent the attachment plastic a little. There are no USB outs on the keyboard, no media slots.  Not that I really expect those on a fifty buck keyboard. This keyboard is taller than I expected. I have a space a little higher than the width of a dollar bill between my keyboard tray and my desk. If I try to slide the keyboard in, the space bar is bumped and the wrist rest gets little scratch marks on its highest point. I miss the volume dial and the keyboard backlighting of the Logitech keyboard.  I would gladly have paid more for an ergonomic keyboard with backlighting, but I was unable to find one.  I really hope that with their partnership, Microsoft and Razer can put together an ergonomic gaming keyboard with some of the nice features that we've come to expect from gaming keyboards.
received the products, but missing the wireless receiver. have to return it and took 30 mins to explain to AMAZON customer service. finally they agreed to resend new one to me, hopefully, this time my order will be completed.
I have been exclusively buying MS Ergonomic Keyboard 4000 for home and work since about 2005 (that's 7 years).  I have recently bought five of these for my office. I am very used to these keyboards, and wouldn't need anything else.  My main complaint is that the key touch changes dramatically with usage.  When you first get this keyboard (especially new builds, 2011) their keys are soft and quiet and it's the best keyboard there is.  After about 2 weeks to 1 month, the keys start becoming louder, less smooth, while still functional.  After about 6 months to a year of extended use, I usually replace the keyboards.  As a result I have about 5 of them in my garage :( If the keyboard lasted longer with the original touch feel, I would not need to replace it so soon.  But that perhaps would not be generating as much revenue for Microsoft. Not sure if this quality issue is deliberate or just an outcome of cheaper manufacturing, but it is quite unfortunate. 3 stars because of short life, 5 starts during the first few weeks of use.
I think this wireless keyboard is pretty lackluster.  I find that the keys feel, well, soft to me, for lack of a better word.  I think it takes more effort and force to type, and it slows down my normally super-fast typing speeds.  The keys lack a responsive crispness that better keyboards have.  If speed is something you value in your typing, or if you need to type very rapidly and accurately for work, I wouldn't recommend this keyboard. Also, several times now I've had it get stuck in caps lock mode.  When that happens, the only way to get it back to normal is to restart your computer.  Unplugging the wireless receiver thingie (highly technical term there), or removing the batteries doesn't work.  It's a big fat frustrating pain to have to restart my computer when I'm in the middle of working on something.  Also, the lack of a light to indicate that caps lock or num lock is turned on is another failing. It's easy to get the devices working, and the mouse functions just fine.  So there are the positive qualities for you.  Oh, and the price.  It *is* a good deal for what you get.  It's just that if typing fast is central to things you do, this keyboard is going to fall far short of what you need.  I so wish I'd bought something else.
The first one of these I ordered from a Chinese supplier who evidently actually sent me an iPazzPort KP-810-10A (even though Amazon listed it as a Rii). When I ordered a second Rii, I found out that the two models were very different. I hate the Rii. Some terrible things about the product (when compared to the Chinese iPazzPort, which is likely a knockoff of the Rii that has other features added): * The mouse is not multi-touch * There are no page-up/page-down keys that can be accessed without also holding down the "function" key (compared to the iPazzPort which has a page up/down rocker on the side of the device next to the laser pointer switch) * The laser pointer is very weak compared to the iPazzPort * The laser pointer requires the radio to be turned on * The F-keys are the default; you have to use the function+Fkey combination to access things like volume up/down. The iPazzPort switches the convention so that volume up/down are available without a modifier key. Having said that, the Rii does feel much more solid in the hand than the lighter weight and very plastic iPazzPort. Because the F keys can be activated without a key combination, they can be combined with modifiers (like ALT) which makes application hot keys (e.g., for closing a window) easier to access. Finally, there are nubs on the F and J keys to allow for finding the home row in the dark (although the blue backlighting (compare to orange with the iPazzPort) is easy to activate). So I'm going to ship the Rii back and try my best to find an iPazzPort. You can see my original iPazzPort review below. HERE IS MY ORIGINAL REVIEW, WHICH APPLIES TO THE iPazzPort (KP-810-10A), which is a superior product despite is shoddier construction quality: I didn't expect much. The device looked cheap, and it feels a little flimsy (and my model came with two "N" key caps instead of an "N" and an "M"), but I was thoroughly impressed when I plugged it in and tried it. For one, the device is a terrific size. It is as wide and as thick as my smart phone (a Motorola DROID), but it is about 1.5 inches longer. It includes a thumb button to activate the bright red LED. Just below the thumb button is a rocker switch that activates page up and page down. So this device acts as a laser presenter that is activated entirely with the thumb. Plus, the response of the rocker and the other buttons is noticeably quicker than other presentation "clickers" that I have used. Next, I was surprised to find that the touch pad is multi-touch. I could scroll using two fingers (like on a Mac) or by using the scroll area on the side of the touchpad. Supposedly three fingers activates a middle click, but my fingers were too fat to test that. I was also happy to find that Windows multimedia keys were included on the keyboard. I can quickly increase/decrease/mute volume, and there is a dedicated "Cntrl+Alt+Delete" function button to help me login and/or unlock/lock the screen. Moreover, with the press of a button, the entire keyboard becomes backlit in red. Possible improvements/cons: It would be better with a bright /green/ LED instead of a red one. Also, it would be nice if there USB storage on the receiver. Finally, it would also be more convenient if you could hold down Alt while pressing a Fn+key combination. At the moment, there is no way to press Alt+F4 because you have to use the Fn key to activate F4, and that disables the Alt key. So in total, I'm really excited with this device. I'm going to use it with my HTPC, but I will probably buy a second one to use for presentations.
I originally had a wireless MS natural keyboard and had consistent problems with two issues.  First, there were intermittent periods when typing on the keyboard did not result in an appropriate on screen action. These periods would last typically for a few seconds.  Second, there would be times when typing a character resulted in an action similar to what you'd get if you held the key down, i.e., you'd see that character run all the way across the screen even if the key was not being touched.  This also happened with the space bar.  Thinking that there was a problem with my wireless setup I purchased this WIRED MS Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000.  Unfortunately, this keyboard does the exact same thing.  It doesn't seem to make a difference which USB port the keyboard is plugged into.
It is great, except for one problem. Especially when I don't use it for a short period of time (10 minutes or more), the keyboard takes a little while to start working. I bang on the keys for a while, and it will start typing eventually. Can be rather annoying at times. Once you get started, there are no problems. EDIT. It now stops working in the middle of typing. Almost unusable at this point, I am planning on buying a new keyboard.
It may just be that finding the perfect keyboard is a very individual thing, but this keyboard was my second attempt in two weeks to find a good ergonomic fit for me...and this keyboard was even worse than the Logitech I tried. I am an average-sized woman at 5'5", and have relatively long fingers, but the reach on this keyboard from the home keys to the Q/Tab or backspace/enter was absurdly and uncomfortably far. The spacebar as many have mentioned had to be pounded to get it to operate. And I found that the angle of the keys meant my elbows had to be kept at an uncomfortably wide angle, causing instant discomfort in my shoulder muscles. Also the keyboard is huge, and if you're not a big number pad user and you're right handed, it puts the mouse waaaaay too far to the right to be covenient or comfortable. I'm still searching for the right keyboard, but this certainly wasn't it. For me, a complete waste of time.
The space bar could have been better, but i am getting used to it. The backspace is hard to reach, if you have small hands this is a no go. If you are hoping to be able to type faster, good luck, this is not your keyboard. I thought the zoom was a trackball, it is not, my mistake. If it WAS a trackball I would have been sooo happy. If they split the space bar, add a trackball and bring the backspace closer.. It could be perfect!
I had one of the older ergonomic Microsoft keyboards, which I loved.  When I decided to get a second ergonomic keyboard for home I figured I'd order the updated model.  What a mistake.  The 'H' key didn't work and two other keys were very sticky, making a really annoying loud clicking sound each time I hit them.  I sent that one back to Amazon and got a replacement.  Although all of the keys worked on the second keyboard, they still felt really stiff (especially the space bar), making for a very unpleasant typing experience.  I ended up giving the keyboard away.
I must have gotten a bad one because the range was only about 2.5 feet. Just to give it the benefit of the doubt, I made sure that it had a full charge on the battery and then tested again - same result. I played with it for a couple of hours (sitting right next to the pc) so that I could evaluate the rest of it's features and I was very impressed. Out side of the range issue, I really like this and it is just what I need for my home theater pc. I returned this model so that I could purchase the model with bluetooth (I purchased the Ultra U12-41310 eXo).
1) works good if your 3' in front of receiver but kind of defeats purpose of being wireless 2) Manual doesn't really help much. Extra F keys (Fn+1=F9, Fn+2=F10, Fn+3=F11, and Fn+4=F12) 3) Sometimes capslock get reversed I'm not sure why it happens but to go back to normal with caps on switch keyboard off the back on. 4) Power switch is just pushed on and occasionally falls off 5) Battery charge doesn't last more than a day or two under heavy use but also charges quickly.
the darn thing just quit working entirely- very cheaply made apparently- what a disapointment!
I like everything about this keyboard except the spacebar. It is way to stiff to be comfortable. I hate to return anything, but I have no choice. The spacebar is annoying as I write this review.
Well, this just arrived today, and charged for the past 10 hours.  Went to connect it, and got nothing but a quick green flash on the dongle. It took a Youtube video review for me to realize that my remote wasn't powering up-- the only light I could get to come on was the power light.  The switch appears to be bad.  Shame, was looking forward to getting one of the 'good' ones as mentioned in the 5 star reviews. Awesome idea, but I think I'll hold off for a more reputable brand before I try again. Thank you Amazon for your great RMA return process!
I've always used ergonomic keyboards since I work in front of a computer 8 hours a day and sometimes more.  I also have arm and shoulder problems since I type a lot.  This keyboard's spacebar was pretty hard to press.  However, after a week or two, I got used to pressing it harder with my thumb.  But I did feel some strain on my shoulder and arm for having to press harder.  All the other keys were soft and easy to type.  Well, I had to return the keyboard because it only came with USB, not PS/2.  My computer uses Safe Boot, and Safe Boot doesn't accomodate keyboards using USB, at least not the current version of Safe Boot.  I had to use an old keyboard with PS/2 to type in my ID and password to go pass Safe Boot.  Then I can use this keyboard to type in my network ID and password.  It was a pain.  So I returned this one and ordered Microsoft Natural Keyboard Elite, which uses PS/2 still.  Elite works fine.  It's much smaller and lighter.  The keys are soft.  It just doesn't have the extra keys like calculator, volume control, etc.  Elite also has smaller keys for the arrow keys, the page up/down, home/end, and delete/insert keys.  In that sense, MS Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000 is better.
I l_ved  this keyb_ard until it st_pped w_rking.  I've had it less than 30 days and guess which key isn't w_rking.  Return shipping is alm_st the am_unt I'd get in a refund, s_ I guess I'm just S_L.
The keyboard doesn't always want to connect to the dongle. I went to their web site for support and all they had was directions to connect the keyboard to the dongle. This thing will sometimes work and sometimes not work. I am an extreme computer tech head and I can't even find a driver to have on a flash drive. I would not recommend this to someone who wants a simple plug and play. It is far from simple.
The return key is broken -- again. Much as I like the subtly curved design and the widening keys, the power shortcut keys, they're of no use to me when it repetedly breaks down. Were it not for breaking down, 5 stars. As it is, design promopts me to give a grudging two.
I recently purchased my second Natural Keyboard 4000, so I could use one at work now that carpal tunnel syndrome is catching up with me. I've been using Microsoft Natural keyboards since they came out in the early/mid 90's, back when they cost nearly six times as much money. And, as the price has gone down on the "regular" Natural keyboards, so has the quality. With the 4000, I knew it was a step up, and I very much preferred the faux leather wrist rest over the plastic one on the standard Natural keyboard, so I didn't consider any alternatives. I noticed that the price I got on the 4000 was pretty stellar, and hadn't given it much more thought until the keyboard arrived. Sadly, Microsoft has chosen to make the 4000 flimsier and less responsive than older models. The very first thing I noticed was that the Windows key on the new keyboards has a beveled logo (unlike my old 4000 keyboard, which looks like the one in Amazon's picture). I thought this was to unify their branding with the Vista and Windows 7 logos, but didn't realize that this was now a decent identifier of "new" keyboards. The newer 4000's feel really cheap. Key travel isn't remotely as smooth as in the previous generation, and I'd go as far as to say that it isn't as good as a basic Natural keyboard. The mechanisms don't seem to be built for larger keys, so you have to find sweet spots in keys like CTRL and the space bar, or else you're just bending plastic without registering a keystroke. On Windows, not surprisingly, plugging in the keyboard is all you need to do. You can install the Intellitype software, but it doesn't do much beyond adding a few icons throughout the OS and extend macro capability. On OS X, IntelliType is required if you want to swap the CTRL, ALT, and Windows keys to represent CTRL, Option, and Command keys on a standard Mac keyboard. The included software works fine on Snow Leopard and the default action is to swap the keys for you. Unfortunately, the software requires a reboot, and they haven't quite figured out 64-bit control panel objects in OS X. If I had it to do over again, I'd probably go to a bricks-and-mortar store and see if I could score myself an older 4000. Similarly, I'd gladly pay more money to have the quality of the old 4000 back. Microsoft ruined a once-wonderful keyboard (again!) to move more units. Unless you like the look of a black split keyboard over a white one, you might as well save a few bucks more and go with the standard white Natural keyboard.
First I'll admit I might be older than the usual person used to thumbing typing everything...  I'm not a huge texter, and when I email on my smart phone, I often make it short or use voice recognition...  So that being said, the keyboard is pretty good mechanically in that the buttons click nicely (so you know you've hit it a button)...  It's a qwerty layout, so good enough.. If you are used to thumbtyping this is probably awesome... There's a backlight which helps see in the dark room... There's a big mouse pad..  All good so far...  And it's small so it doesn't add significantly to the "pile of remotes".. However, my main issue is that I find the mouse pad not very responsive or sometimes to responsive.. Its way too easy to 'double click" and select a link as you try to slide over it.  Because it's a small area, you have no choice but to pick up your thumb and move it back onto the pad sometimes and this can be interpreted as a "click"...  Everytime I find myself logging in to a website, I find myself thinking "gee, I should really just put a wireless keyboard and mouse here", and I may just do that...  But once all you sites are logged into, and you get the mouse speed across the screen good, this is probably a good thing.. And I mainly use the laser pointer to freak out the dog and the neighbors cat, but I could image it would be useful for presentations (again if you were good at thumb typing)..  But that is the design of this unit so I can't really make that a detraction.. If you want a full sized keyboard, get a full sized keyboard...
I like it except for the space bar sticks. It is a long bar and if you press it in the center it's okay, if you press to either side it sticks. I think it is a design flaw.  Would not recommend.
Im a nerd.  I use several PCs at once splitting up which tasks I do on which PC.  I have a gaming/application dedicated PC hooked up to my nicest display...  anyways this PC is tucked in an entertainment center and wielding a hefty mouse and keyboard combo anytime I want to watch a movie or launch a game is annoying and creates clutter.  That's why I chose this product - I was hoping I would have a semi-decent keyboard/mouse substitute for anytime I do not require a full keyboard and mouse.  Anyways upon receipt of the item I was much less then impressed and considering returning it for the following reasons: -The construction quality is very poor. It feels flimsy and shoddily put together. -The battery is loose inside so when you move the device it makes a clunking sound depending on the momentum of the internal battery. -The on/off switch BARELY functions.  Specifically toggling the switch does nothing - I have to toggle the switch to on then physically whack the device against my hand in a very specific manner in order to get it to turn on EVERY TIME.  (no joke here - before i figured out how to turn this thing on I was going to return it.) -The usb "charger" they gave me with the device DOES NOT WORK at all.  No matter what pc i plug that usb cable into it never provides any charging for the device.  Luckily I have several other good usb cables of the same type which DO actually charge the device but the included cable is literally WORTHLESS. -Finally the device seems to rarely wig out and lose connection then it blinks its back-light for the keyboard every few seconds.  I could not get the device to reconnect no matter what I did ie charging etc.  Finally after trying to use it repeatedly it began working again. Very inconvenient although rare. In conclusion this device is a piece of crap.  The keypad itself is nice it feels good and is responsive etc.  Unfortunately the barely functional defective on/off switch, lack of working charger, and clunking of the battery severely detract from a device that is a very good idea in theory.  I realize and expected a low quality device given that peripherals of this price range are dominated by cheap Chinese products however I must warn any potential customer that this device is far below even most cheap Chinese knock-off devices you will find on the internet and that's really saying something. Somewhat paradoxically I have chosen to keep the device.  Not because its a good device or because it has redeeming qualities but merely because there is no device in this price range that can replace this one's functions.  So this device functions just barely well enough for me to keep it but I can't recommend this device to anyone that wants something that actually works well or as advertised - ie functioning on/off switch.  That seems like a pretty basic feature to me. Thanks for your time and good luck!
This keyboard only lasted 4 months and then random keys stopped working. I like the keyboard but can't recommend it.
The range on the product I received was atrocious.  I'm not sure if I got a defective model (seems to be a lot of those) but at the range from which it worked I could practically just use the keyboard on my laptop instead.  When it did work all the keys and the touchpad seems to work well.
This wireless keyboard/mouse is really cool. for some reason (maybe oils from my finger) the touch mouse pad likes to move on its own and move the webpage back in history to previously viewed webpages... it gets annoying but works for the most part.
I bought this to replace a mouse and keyboard for home media computer connect to TV.  Range really disappointment, I've got be close to usb receiver to be able to move the mouse.  The computer is right behind the TV, so I've got to stand right next to TV to be able to received to be in range.  The couch distance to TV is less than 6 feet.  Every now and then, it has problem connecting.  One way to solve the range issue is to buy a usb extension and this seem to work for me.  Overall the product is good.
This keyboard is so big, that it takes so much space on my desk, I can't even have junk on my desk anymore. I hate the additional functional key, I accidentally press it all the time. Space key is so uncomfortable...
I like the overall keyboard layout with the exception of non-standard cursor arrows, after a week I still could not adapt to them, and I use them a lot in my work. I have noticed that newer versions of Natural keyboard use standard layout for arrows.
After two weeks the battery will not hold a charge.  Worthless. iPazzPad at least is still working...on the same charge I gave it months ago.
compare the model number on this to what amazon says. mentioned in description ps3 would work. no go unless the remembered to send the direction i didn't recdieve. i'm going to the source company find out if i'm compatable and spen 10 buck than i did for this heap shame amazon, this is a scam
Although it does a good job generally, and is a Million times more concvenient than using the remote control with thge Samsung screen overlay, ther ar a few annoying issues: 1.) Samsung's operating system does not get rid of the on-screen keyboard overlay.''''Finally, (and most annoying) many websites (such as tyhis one) do not accept the ENTER key, making for Loooong paragraphs. If anyone has a cure for these maladies, I'd like ot hear it!
I just went through two of these. Each was done in by spilling a small amount of water on it. Otherwise a great product. Just keep your beverages away!!
get the old natural keyboard (the white one) if you can find for a similar price. JUST DO IT! the finish on this one may look good on the picture, but it's not. The plastic arm rest is just awful (but better than the white plastic if you work in a cold place... but if so then you have other problems to focus) and i laughed at the reviewers saying about the loud spacebar... until i got the keyboard. And i'm used to IBM model M!!! the space bar on this one is LOUDER. and with an awful press feeling. just awful. other than that, just hate that microsoft messed up on the keycodes for the zoom keys. would be nice to use them for scrolling. maybe next versions of Xserver and kernels will be able to handle that. follow the bug for the zoom keys [...]
Microsoft?  I would love to buy your ergo boards but you keep doing one thing that drives me to Belkin, every time. . .you place the 6 key on the WRONG side of the split!!  For typists like me, this is very frustrating.  I would buy this board, but I can't use it for my work.
i love this keyboard.  i love the feel.  i love the convenient calculator button. however, there is a problem with the keyboard.  sometimes some keys wouldn't work.  i thought this was just a defect so i decided to buy another since it is inexpensive.  after another few months of usage I got the same problem with the new keyboard.  some keys wouldn't work.  two keyboards with the same problem makes me not want to buy another.  i am trying to look into the warranty at the moment.  but i don't think i'll be able to do anything since i don't have the receipt.  i'd pass on this keyboard until they work out all the kinks.
I ordered this keyboard through my company. They gave me some strange looks because they had to order a special one for me. I need it though to prevent strain on my fingers. So anyways the company delivered it and when I started typing I noticed how much the space bar sticks. It makes a loud noise too when you hit it. I dont want to bug my company so hopefully I'll get used to it. Microsoft is such a strange company. They make billions of dollars but the company is essentially run by really smart little kids who make tons of mistakes. I cant believe no one ever QA this. I also cant believe they haven't fixed this keyboard will all the complaints. I guess that's Microsoft for you. Everything they do half works.
The keyboard works just fine.  The tracking on the touchpad is not very good at all.  It works, just would not want it to be your primary keyboard. Someone spilled a drink on my 130$ logitech Dinovo Edge, so I needed something a little more economical.  This will work great as a backup keyboard when the full sized Logitech Wireless Touch Keyboard K400 with Built-In Multi-Touch Touchpad (920-003070) arrives. Until then, when I get sick of trying to hone in on an "ok" button with this mouse, I switch to an iPhone app that works as a trackpad or just use VNC.
You need more than a slight tilt and slight elevation if you want to seriously avoid CTS in the wrists. The ONLY natural position would be one that has your palms facing each other, just as if you were holding a book out in front of you.  There ARE a few keyboards like that out there - dramatic and hi-tech looking - but they cost around $250. If you TYPED for a living, all day long, OBVIOUSLY the $250 would be WELL worth it. I don't, and I'm on a budget, so I got the Microsloth Natural as an upgrade with the unit I bought several years ago. While I CAN report that all of the keys look and function fine, even after ENDLESS hours of gaming, I can NOT recommend this keyboard to a gamer. Why?  The simultaneous pressing of 3 or 4 keys causes some sort of lock-up and your keyboard will send a constant signal of movement, even though you've lifted your hands off the keyboard. It usually happens when you're trying to strafe/run/shoot/jump, etc all at once.  It will lock-up and have my character running in some random direction no matter which keys I hit after that. I usually have to hit ESC and re-enter the game to regain control. I've since read in hardware forums that even the newer versions of Microsloth ergo keyboards have the same tendency. So I guess it's a microsloth thing. Either way, in summary - if you type for a living: invest in a real ergo keyboard.  The kind where both halves of the keyboard are actually separated, nearly waist-width apart, and the halves are turned up and away from each other at nearly 90 degree angles to the desk.  And if you game seriously: get another brand, something that won't lock up on you at critical moments. Then email me to let me know which model you found!
Zack here. I ordered this keyboard because I searched "Bluetooth Keyboard" and this showed up. it looked really cool online but i just got it and opened it less than an hour ago and found out that it is only a wireless keyboard - which doesnt even seem to work with my computer!! I am disappointed that this keyboard has been tagged bluetooth because its not so dont but it if you plan on getting a bluetooth one. instead get the Handheld Mini Bluetooth HID Wireless Chicklet Keyboard with Mouse Control Combo for Media Center PC, Windows 7/Vista/XP, Apple iPad & Sony PS3 one. Thanks
nice small size, but no del key.  It has delete and backspace, but no keypad del key.  Of course the keypad del key is important to enter into the BIOS on a lot of motherboards, so you can't do that with this keyboard.
I can honestly say that I want this keyboard...I STILL want this keyboard. Many great features I prefer, BUT the packaging for the keyboard is so insufficient (just a thin plastic bag) that the keyboard takes a beating before it actually arrives to your door. (Mine showed up with three keys dislodged, and didn't function after careful set up--no number lock/caps lock lights to suggest it was responding to either of my up-to-date computers.# I worked for UPS handling damage claims for years, and I can tell you that someone at MS really dropped the ball on packaging with this one! #There's no way that UPS would pay out a claim on this keyboard.) And worst of all, after returning the product--which was admittedly fairly easy--I get an email "Gift Card" so I can purchase something else from Amazon.com. Who do I contact about this? Well, the emailed "Gift Card" includes no contact info, and I've yet to find any way (phone number, email address, live chat, etc) to discuss this issue with an actual person at Amazon. Great design on this keyboard, and as I said, I'm STILL wanting to call one of these keyboards my own. But at this point, I'd only feel like I was really getting my money's worth if I bought it right at the end of the assembly line--but not from any place that had received the keyboard after a bumpy journey... My guess--the reduced price on these beauties is based on an executive epiphany (too late and too sorry) that Quality Control didn't oversee the packaging process! For those of you who received keyboards that actually work, best of luck with your, yes, great keyboards! :-) For those of you still shopping, my recommendation has to be to resist the same temptation I yielded to, regretfully! Happy shopping...  ;-)
Laser pointer button was broken on arrival... it kind of fell inward and could not be pressed. Keyboard and trackpad seem to work fine, however I wish the backlight was brighter.
I couldn't get this thing to work over 10 feet. Unless you have line of sight or are literally typing next to the receiver, then GOOD LUCK getting this to work. I've tried everything but it just won't work. Returning it tomorrow.
The mouse signal is great somewhat, works most of the time with the wireless adapter.  The keyboard however when playing games online or even while typing, flakes out, drops out and is just a piece of trash.  Good mouse, but garbage keyboard.
So far, an exceptional product. I only wish that the mouse/keyboard would turn itself off after inactivity because I always forget to do that. Edit: After about a month of continued use, the mouse component of the product no longer functions. It randomly turns itself off even if the batter is at full power. I am probably going to replace this mouse because it isn't reliable anymore.
I like this set but I don't like that there is no light that shows if you're on caps lock or not. Makes it annoying when typing in passwords.
I returned this one and ordered Logitech keyboard. This one is really hard for me to use, guess it is designed more for game players.
This MK320 a replacement direct from Logitech. I had the previous model and the foot broke on the keyboard. They kindly replaced the whole keyboard/mouse combo with a new set. That was wonderful, but the new mouse eats up the battery in a few days. The older version mouse battery lasted for months. I'm not happy with the battery life at all. Everything else works fine.
wHAT'S THIS YOU SAY?  mY TYPING LOOKS OBNOXIOUS?  wELL, WELCOME TO LIFE USING THE mICROSOFT eRGONOMIC kEYBOARD.  wHILE THE KEYBOARD IS ATTRACTIVE, STURDY (EXCEPT FOR THE FEET), AND LAID OUT WELL, THE SOFTWARE HANDLING CUSTOM KEYBOARD PROPERTIES IS TYPICAL OF mICROSOFT:  bUGGY AS HELL. rIGHT NOW i HAVE THE caps lock KEY DISABLED IN THE KEYBOARD'S PROPERTIES BECAUSE i TEND TO HIT IT ACCIDENTLY ALL THE TIME.  a FEW MINUTES AGO i ACCIDENTLY HIT THE KEY AND, fOR NO REASON WHATSOEVER, THE KEYBOARD HAS PERMANENTLY ENTERED THE BANNED caps lock MODE.  i CANNOT GET IT OUT OF THIS MODE! oN ANOTHER INCIDENT, THE KEYBOARD IGNORED THIS SETTING AND THE caps lock KEY WORKED FREELY. iF IT WASN'T FOR THE SOFTWARE RUNNING THIS KEYBOARD i'D GIVE IT 5 STARS, BECAUSE i LIKE THE KEYBOARD THAT MUCH.  bUT THE REALITY IS, mICROSOFT'S SOFTWARE ENGINEERS CAN'T EVEN GET A SIMPLE KEYBOARD FEATURE TO WORK PROPERLY.  iT AMAZES ME HOW mICROSOFT CAN REMAIN IN BUSINESS, BUT THEN i KNOW mICROSOFT HAS LOW QUALITY CONTROL STANDARDS YET i BOUGHT THIS KEYBOARD ANYWAY.
from the instant i plugged in the USB receiver to the moment i threw the keyboard into a closet in a rage, this combo has given me nothing but trouble. while the mouse works just fine (although it is too small for me), the keyboard should be recycled immediately off the assembly line. it is repeatedly launching iTunes and skipping letters. for example, i can't type a capital R using the left shift key. i contacted logitech support, but they couldn't or wouldn't do anything to fix the problem. all drivers are up to date and setpoint refuses to be of use. if you buy it, i hope you're one of the lucky ones.
I really wish that I loved this keyboard, and I really *almost* do. The shape is absolutely perfect. The space bar is almost a deal breaker. It seems like some people just get duds, which happened to me. Internet fixes work fairly well for a short period of time to make it bearable to use the space bar, but only just barely. I really suggest that you try out the keyboard, see if the space bar works and send it back for another if not before trying any fixes so you don't accidentally mess up your warranty.
I purchased one of these on amazon.com a while ago. I never used it too much because I preferred to just use my laptop's keyboard for the longest time. When I got a desktop again, I pulled this one out of storage. After only a few days of use, the spacebar stopped working, and the number keys were either broken or typing strange combinations...I have never had this happen with a keyboard, nor have ever heard of it happening. I can only assume that these are constructed *very* poorly. I even unscrewed the back and looked inside the 'board. Nothing seemed wrong. Also, that arrow key arrangement is just as annoying as everyone has ever said it was. You *never* get used to it...
i bought it and dont use it.  it is RF.. and i thought it was blue tooth.  i ended up buying a regular sized keyboard ..  i bought it for my computer hooked up to my tv...  it still works.. as RF.. but i found that a regular sized keyboard is more convenient.  i didnt return it because i thought i could use it for my laptop later.. but havent figured out a good way to utilize it.  it looks cool..  but may just end up collecting dust for me.
My previous Mac compatible keyboards died after extensive use. I looked for a new keyboard which was Ergonomic and Mac Compatible. I found the Microsoft Natural Keyboard Elite. It looked OK, and was inexpensive (roughly $30). I ordered it and it arrived almost immediately. It is a poor keyboard. The action of the keys are stiff, and what is worse: noisy. I used it for a couple of hours, and gave up. There are much better keyboards which satisfied all of my requirements (ease of use, ergonomic, Mac compatible, quite, etc). They are more expensive (roughly $140), but in my personal opinion, worth the additional expense. Microsoft Natural Keyboard Elite 
Keyboard does feel more cramped than normal keyboard. I can deal with that since it is a compact keyboard. However, what i seriously don't like is that this keyboard won't work until the OS is loaded. That means you can't enter BIOS with this keyboard so you gonna need another for those function. Too bad i had it too long or i would have returned it.
The drivers of this keyboard appear to cause Intermittent kernel panics on Mac.  I have had several version  of the driver in 7.x through 8.0 range and they all display this problem.  You will be typing and your entire system locks up and requires a restart.  Microsoft should fix this problem. The space bar is a bit stiff, i fixed this by taking the key off and slightly bending the metal bar underneath the key. There are several websites that describe this procedure. GOOD: Ergonomic design is decent. Nice cushioned palm rests.  Good key feel. Extra keys above number pad are useful and make sense.  HOME END BLOCK and Arrow keys maintain their usual shape which is good. BAD: Zoom button is useless.  Stiff space bar, but fixable.  'Back' and 'Forward' keys not real keyboard keys and they stick.  The keys could be slightly smaller. WHAT I WOULD LIKE TO SEE IN THE NEXT ITERATION: The 'Zoom' should be replaced with a mouse pointstick and some mouse buttons. The 'back' and 'forward' should be replace with real keys that can be programmed to something useful to the user like backspace, enter, cntl, cmd or windows key.  With this keyboard you can program those keys like that now but the fact that they stick and are not real keys make that useless.  This would hopefully reduce the need to constantly use ones little fingers to hit these important keys with out freaking of users that want to maintain as much normalcy as possible.  This would really help reduce the stress on the overused little fingers on the modern keyboard. Overall a good keyboard but not the revolution that could be if Microsoft made a few minor changes. Make some of these changes and I would happy go about and buy the new version.  As it stands now there still not a great ergonomic keyboard that doesn't cost a ton of money that has programmable thumb buttons.  There is also not an ergonomic keyboard with an integrated pointing device of some kind that does not require you to move you hands away from the home row of the keyboard.  That would be a major productivity booster to a lot of typists / programmers which are the biggest users of the these ergonomic products.
I guess the title says it all; if it ships with a broken battery, yet by design it cannot be replaced..it is useless.  I could use the unit after charging for 20 minutes but the yellow 'charge me' light flashed the whole time before it died.  I appreciate the idea of recharge vs the ubiquitous pair of triple-A's, but it does not work.  WORSE:  I requested to return the useless thing 5 days ago and have yet to receive a response.  I never write reviews, but a lame product coupled by empty customer service = avoid.
What a piece of crap this combo is. The mouse works fine, as it should because we are in the 21st century. The keyboard is a completely different monster though. For starters, they is a significant delay from when you type to what displays on the screen, even with new batteries. Also, there is no light stating when you are on cap locks or numerical locks. Were the two small lights that almost every keyboard I have ever used in 25 years that big of a deal to add onto this keyboard? Very disappointed in this Logitech product as I purchased it solely on the name brand and it's not worth the effort to return it.
Cheaply made and broke as soon as I got it. I still have part of the usb reciever stuck in my usb port. Complete junk, do not buy
I purchased this product hoping that the keyboard would be somewhat quiet and ergonomic.  It isn't much quieter than my previous regular Dell flat keyboard I upgraded from and the space bar SUCKS.  The space bar is very NOISY and it's a known issue that it gets jammed.  I would not recommend dropping money on this to anyone even if it's for $20 (which is what I paid).  It's not terrible but it's not worth extra money, my Apple keyboard at home is much less noisy but I guess the ergonomic part is definitely the upside.  If you type fast, it'll be noisy on this keyboard so if you're looking for a quiet keyboard, PLEASE DO NOT buy this keyboard.
The reviewers who've mentioned how these things break easily are right.  Despite the reviews stating this, I purchased one since I'm not particularly rough with my keyboards.  In fact, my last keyboard lasted for a decade before the letters wore off so badly that I decided to get a replacement. This keyboard broke within a few months.  Some of the keys just stopped responding.  More than one key.  This is the kind of cheap junk keyboard that's designed to break immediately to force you to get another cheap junk replacement from Microsoft.  Stay away!  Buy something with a little quality!
Stay away from this piece of junk.  Kinda sorta worked for the first week; it was quite finicky.  Then after plugging in for a recharge stopped working altogether.
It would have / could have been a good keyboard. If only they had chosen not to implement the space bar as a single gigantic chunk. Nothing against "single gigantic chunks", mind you, but the chunk in question requires such massive force, when hit from the outer ends as I need to do, that my carpal-tunnel instantly goes fire-alarm mode. I even took the keyboard all apart, oiled things, etc etc, but could not get the space bar action any better. Oh well. Avoid if you value your thumbs.
this is my second logitech keyboard ive purchased and it looks like a need a new one, works great for two weeks then they break down
I like the special keys for Zoom, Back, Forward, Calculator, - () backspace. The space key requires a bit more pressure from the thumbs, which I don't like since I have thumb problems. Also, I think the keyboard should be slanted more. It's an improvement from the standard keyboard. However, I wish now I would've spent more money for a keyboard that can be set to my specs.
I made the mistake of buying this keyboard at Office Depot instead of checking with Amazon first.  First of all I paid $19.99 for my keyboard, almost twice the price of Amazon.  Second of all, right out of the box, the "C" button doesn't work.  Office Depot is replacing it free of charge, but after reading a lot of the reviews here I wish I had bought something else!  It seems obvious that a lot of people are having certain keys conk out at some point.
Pros: - Keyboard works well - Lights up Cons: - Some media buttons are switched (not correct) - Mouse pad sometimes does not work correctly (which is annoying) I'm not sure it's worth the price. It would be great if it had been built and designed slightly better.
This is definitely a keyboard you want to test at least a little before you buy. As said in the title if you are a child, woman, or anyone with average or smaller hands (mine are average) this keyboard will be more painful for you than a regular keyboard. When typing the main keys you are fine and this definitely has a much more ergonomic feel than other keyboards I have tested over the years. The problem lies when you have to reach for the keys (that are hard to reach even on a regular keyboard) such as the 1,2,0,-,+,and BACKSPACE keys. If you have above average length fingers this may not be a problem but if you have average to below-average length fingers/hands there is definitely a problem due to the fact that these keys slope downward away from the reach of your hands in addition to the regular reach you have on a non-ergonomic keyboard. Those keys are in a different zip-code on this keyboard. The downward slope feels great with the regular keys but constant reaching for the 1,2,0,-,+, and BACKSPACE keys will cause pain rapidly. If they would have made those keys closer or not had those keys slope down and away from your hands it might be OK. Or if they made the keys near them smaller to make these keys a little closer. Other than this, (although the main reason for getting an ergonomic keyboard is to cause less stress on your fingers, wrists, and lower arms), this keyboard is above average. This might not be a problem if you are someone with large hands. In that case this could be a great keyboard. Or if they made one with smaller keys, or keys not so far apart, or out of reach due to the downward slope of the keyboard. Also, the b key either feels out of place or should have been made bigger because with the reach you end up missing the key sometimes because you have to bend your finger just right to hit it. As for the non-ergonomic aspect of the keyboard there are plenty of keys along the top of the keyboard that can be programmed to limit the amount of times one has to use a mouse. Plus it has the same types of multimedia buttons other keyboards do. The zoom feature in the center of the keyboard is a nice (although rarely used) feature. Plus, the padded wrist rest feels nice and is sloped nicely. The installation went fine although I plugged this into a USB port and there are reports that this keyboard won't work if you try using a PS/2 port. All in all I give it a 2 out of 5 because I don't have large hands and this is after all an ergonomic keyboard and the benefit of getting one is to reduce pain, not increase it. If you have average to small-sized hands you would be better getting a non-ergonomic keyboard. If I had large hands and the key-reaching isn't a problem with large hands then I would give this a 4 out of 5. I hope this review helps and gives incentive to the majority of us without large hands/fingers to test it in a computer store/electronics store first to see how well your fingers can reach some of those out of out-of reach keys. This keyboard isn't one of the cheapest keyboard ever made after all.
Pros: 1. Cheap 2. Has a small RF receiver. Cons: 1. The trackpad buttons need to be pushed hard to register a click. 2. The range is less than 15ft. 3. Drops connection frequently. 4. Build quality feels cheap. I used this keyboard with my HTPC for about 2 days and had to return it back. I now use the Adesso slimtouch wireless keyboard, which is 10x better than this one.
I wish I had read the 1-star reviews before I bought this keyboard. Yes, the space bar is completely unusable. I can't imagine a keyboard with this kind of fatal flaw can be released to the market. If Microsoft had anybody test the keyboard for as few as 10 seconds, the problem would have been discovered. It will be returned immediately.
I read all the reviews on this keyboard, so I went to Best Buy to get a feel for the unit before buying it from Amazon.  I just received it.  Installation was a breeze.  The construction is satisfactory.  The keys have a good feel.  The Space Bar is utterly annoying.  I know many people have written about the Space Bar, but I couldn't believe that it could be so loud....and the one in Best Buy didn't seem so loud during that trial.  I noticed that if you depress the space bar with your left thumb, that it isn't so loud.  Also,  the space bar requires much more push than the rest of the keys.  This is being returned tomorrow.
The computer recognized the keyboard instantly.  It is very small so people with big hands probably won't like it.  The "S" key sticks or doesn't work.  Little disappointed about that but overall pretty nice keyboard.
BEWARE:  This keyboard only works with older outdated operating systems.  Does not work on Vista or Windows 7.  It came with a PS2 plug, so I bought an adapter to plug it in a USB port and it still didn't work.  I didn't read the specs close enough before buying.  My fault, but I kind of feel cheated.
I'm writing this review on a Microsoft Natural Elite keyboard. I bought it for the price and soon learned you get what you pay for. I've  used ergonomic keyboards for years because they are much more comfortable to my arm angle and hand placement. The problem with the Natural Elite is the key action. Stiff and jerky. After an hour or so, my finger joints are sore. The adjustable height is an advantage, but virtually every keyboard has it. Only because I broke my Adesso (better, but not great) am I on the MS Elite. Spend a little more. Let this one go.
I got this as a keyboard/mouse solution for my TV/receiver connected HTPC setup. Worked okay the 1st month, but after a 3ft drop off the couch onto a hardwood floor, the touchpad mouse gave up and became useless. Prior to the fall, it worked sporadically at best. Pros: - nice compact size for thumb typing on the couch - good battery life and recharge-ability via USB - up/down left/right keys nice for navigating WMC and XBMC - back-lit keys for dark rooms Cons: - not durable at all (don't let it fall) - laser pointer feature useless for my application of this product (might be okay for PowerPoint slide viewing on a projector screen) - very limited RF receiver to keyboard range - has to have very unobstructed line of sight or typing/mousing functionality will be severely impacted - very bad placement of left/right mouse click buttons (after using this product I can say the ideal place for these would be in the upper left-hand corner ; thank you for this lesson FAVI as I will keep it in mind while I'm searching for your product's replacement) This was my first attempt at the ultimate HTPC keyboard/mouse, and after using it, I can say this product was good at pointing out all the flaws of these types of devices in today's market. Be very cautious of this device's limited range, very shaky performance while in range, poor mouse button placement, and lack of long-term durability. I'd be sending it back right now, if my return period did not expire 3 weeks ago. 2/5 starts is generous. Currently looking at the 'Azio Mini Wireless Thumb Keyboard (KB178RT)' as a possible replacement. Although new on the market, it's receiving early praise.
I love this keyboard. It is the most comfortable keyboard I've ever used because of the curved layout and the super soft keys. I've tried all sorts of keyboards, from the cheap to the not-so-cheap ($8 to $150). This $19 item is the most comfortable of them all. Unfortunately, after a few months using the keyboard, some of the keys stopped working properly. If I have missed a b, n, m, or comma (,) in this review, it's because these keys often don't work anymore. Other reviewers have had similar problems with other keys. All of this fills me with sadness, because I really, really love this keyboard.
I was putting together a second HTPC and needed a wireless keyboard.  My other HTPC is equipped with an IOGEAR with the laser trackball, and it works quite well.  Not thinking, I ordered this keyboard due to he Logitech name.  The touchpad is the problem.  The mouse buttons are unreliable, and I find the touchpad to be difficult to use.  I wish I'd bought a second IOGEAR keyboard instead.
I ordered this for a Mythbuntu HTPC.  At first it worked pretty well.  Then I unplugged the adapter to move it to another usb port.  After that, it never worked again.  I returned it and Amazon sent me another one.  This one worked fine, until today when I bought another machine and tried to move this over to that system.  Guess what?  It no longer works at all.  The system doesn't even see that a device has been plugged.  And I can't return it as too much time has passed.  So now I have to go out and buy a new keyboard to finish setting up the new system. This is a great product when it works.  But be advised that you very well may have to buy a new one every time you upgrade your system.  Two for two, when I unplugged the receiver, the receiver died. I wouldn't buy this item again, and I could never recommend it to anyone.  Go find a better system from Logitech or Lenovo.
just didn't hold up for me. the keyboard response was weak and just felt cheap. i have a similar one at work, microsoft but different model, and it is 10x better. i guess you get what you pay for with this one.
I really liked this keyboard for the first few months I used it. Then a while ago, F5 went out. A problem, because that is "go" in SciTe and "Execute" in JCreator, so now I have to navigate windows. Today, I hit print screen, and nothing happened. I tested the keys, and F1 through print screen do not work anymore. I don't know why, I have never spilled anything on the keyboard. But quite frankly, I need print screen, and really really really would like to have F5. F4 would be nice too. Other than that, I don't have problems w/ the space bar, like some people do. It was weird at first, but I'm used to it now. My typing speed is slower, but I type thoughtfully, so I only notice if I'm transcribing. It has helped my wrists, which used to hurt all the time, even when not at a computer. All the extra keys just sit there, I haven't trained myself to use them. I ultimately chose it for ergonomics, and it's insert/home/delete/end configuration, which was very important to me, because I use those keys constantly too. If it weren't for keys failing, I'd give this 4 to 4.5 stars, but I dropped $60 for this keyboard, and now it doesn't work.
It's a wireless keyboard that works most of the time- this is good. Unfortunately, the keyboard has two flaws (that I've encountered so far) that are bothersome. The first is that sometimes it will lose signal for 5-10 second, after which time all the keystrokes you make may or may not appear at once. This is exceptionally frustrating. The second is that the volume keys don't work unless you have clicked on the volume icon in the taskbar first, which kind of defeats the purpose of having the keys in the first place. I was also very disappointed to see that the keyboard doesn't come with a driver and isn't compatible with any Logitech driver or utility. If these things don't concern you, then I would recommend a purchase. But I was bothered that a new product would come with these- in my opinion- glaring flaws, and figured that others might be too.
Yes, moths.  That's the best you ca do whe the "" key does't work.  This is absolutely great, I am worki*g o* a research paper a*d *ow I have to go get a*other keyboard from Best Buy.  What a piece of garbage.  It worked for about six moths before breakig.
This keyboard is ummmm just ok.  It is a little difficult to use due to it's non standard layout, the keys feel a little mushy and the overall construction is a little flimsy. On the positive note (and the reason I did not send it back) it is very small and lightweight.  I guess it works for a media pc, where you need occasional keyboard input and mouse control, but you probably do not want to respond to large e-mails using it. So...  I use it for typing "Netflix.com" into the browser, then maximizing the window, etc...  DO NOT GET THIS FOR GAMING... Cheers!
On the first day I got this keypad thing, I noticed that the lazer pointer didn't work. After a few clicks of the button, it popped right into the remote. Well It's too much effort to return it just for the lazer pointer that I would probably never use anyways. The touchpad doesn't react that smooth but you get used to it. Other than that, It's Okay...
Seemed to work well enough, but the laser point function never worked for me. I thought I had just not charged it enough, but even after letting it charge all night...nothing. Returning this one.
Wow, where to start..  I got this keyboard and it worked for about a week with minimal use because I didn't have my HTPC all the way set up.  Now all it does is the yellow light blinks rapidly and nothing else works on it including the backlight so I can only guess it thinks a button is stuck.  I went to the website listed on the box, [...], and the website doesn't exist.  I called the 1-800 number listed on the box; it is a recording giving me a phone number for a phone-s*x line then disconnects. WTF?!?  I googled and found the website [...]; They have no link for support, only a crappy list of FAQ that are completely useless.  They list no phone number, only an email address so I tried to email.. LOL.. the email bounces back as undeliverable as no such email exists.  I can only assume these are made by the spawn of Satan and he cannot be reached for tech support because he's too busy making my life miserable at my job.  I will sacrifice the backlight and buy a new keyboard from a company that actually exists.
EPIC FAIL! Cheap disposable keyboard. This is a nice little keyboard. It has a soft feel and is cheap. Unfortunately it is one of the worst buying decisions my company has made. We have purchased 30-40 of these keyboards bundled with mice. Over the last 3 months I have had to replace 8-10 of them because the Enter key will break; same key, different users. It starts with the user complaining that the key is sticking. Then it stops working. I pop the key out and find that the post is broken. I expect over the course of the next year I will end up replacing the rest of the keyboards. They may be fine for home use, but if you are buying them for a business you may want to purchase twice as many as you think you will need.
But I bought it for a desktop PC and did not realize it has no lights to tell you when the caps or num lock are on.  Otherwise works perfectly fine.
...but an unfortunate execution. The specs fail to mention that this is a doll-sized keyboard and mouse. The mouse was remarkably smaller than the standard-issue mouse that comes with any computer. This leads, inevitably, to hand cramping, unless you have tiny hands to begin with. The interface of mouse, USB wireless and keyboard is fine. No complaints about the keyboard other than the size. Logitech is a great brand and cordless/wireless is the wave of the future. Fix the mouse and I'd buy this!
Doesn't work on my computer!  I'm not running anything exotic at all - a Dell Inspiron laptop with XP.  I spent a good two hours with Microsoft Tech Support trying to get it to work; they installed several drivers, got all up in my computer, and... it still doesn't work.  I bought this from Amazon, but Microsoft is honoring its warranty and sending me another one.  I'll update this review next week after that keyboard arrives if it changes anything. I should mention that the thing *seems* really comfortable...
I bought this keyboard with the understanding that I had to force my self to get used to typing on it. After 2_1/2 weeks with it I gave up. My fingers just could not find the right buttons and I spent way too much time re-typing. Very nice keyboard beyond that. Quiet and good feeling to type on. Mine did have one other problem. The bottom of the keyboard was not perfectly flat so when I typed on one end the other end bounced off the desk. I feel that could really get annoying.
i'm a full time software programmer and spend many, many hours on the keyboard.  i kinda liked how the ms natural keyboard has a soft tactile feel, but the travel seemed to far for me.  all highly subjective, i know.  i liked that MS actually had configuration software for the mac, but wasn't 100%.  i never got the zoom key to do anything.  really, i found most of the hot keys MS decided to put on the keyboard not very usefull: mail, search, home, calculator and then 5 custom keys.  it has media keys that do work with the mac; but it's missing a very important "next track" and somewhat less important "prev track".  I used this keyboard for about a month before I finally just bought the thin apple pro keyboard.  the keys on the apple keyboard are very nice: short action, soft touch, tactile feedback.  of course, the predefined hotkeys on the apple keyboard suit my mac better: expose, dashboard, and a full set of itunes controls.  If you're debating between this keyboard and apple's and you're on a mac; the apple keyboard really is better to type with and not just better looking and better functioning.
I LOVED this keyboard until the keys stopped working.  It's a great, lightweight, quiet design and has just the right amount of "extra" keys.  Unfortunately, two of my letters stopped working half the time or more.  I'm having trouble finding an alternative.
Tried all of my USB ports along with installing this utility that allows you to tweak sleep settings etc. Had it hooked up to my Laptop running Win7 64 and from the get go it would not wake on USB. Others in the AVS forum said that they didnt have an issue, so maybe its my laptop or i got a bad mouse. The laptop wakes on USB just fine with another wireless USB keyboard i have, so i kind of doubt thats the issue. I also found it hard to see the keys in a dimly lit room even with the back light on. BetterStuff was the retailer i got it from and they just refunded my entire purchase plus the shipping.
A keyboard is a keyboard, or so I thought.  Some, like this one, are more comfortable or have some extra buttons for increased functionality but other than that, you hit a button and a letter appears, right?  NOT THIS ONE.  This is the only keyboard I have ever had where keys routinely cease to respond.  Sometimes it is a letter, which means, maddeningly enough, that every time I want to type that letter I have to copy and paste it into it's right place!  Other times, it's another key: right now, my back and down arrows are not working so in order to move down I have to hit the "end" key and then the forward arrow to go line by line. So maybe I guess I just bought a faulty one; surely Microsoft does not make and entire model of keyboard where the keys malfunction after only a few months.  WRONG AGAIN.  I bought this keyboard once, experienced the malfunctioning keys and decided to bright the "faulty" keyboard home to use with my laptop and buy a new one for work.  Well guess what...that one also malfunctioned just as badly.  Having experienced this twice in a row, I can confidently say that this is the MOST POORLY ENGINEERED KEYBOARD ON THE MARKET.  Microsoft should be embarrassed that they have ever sold such a thing.
I know i probably got a bum unit, but mine stopped working soon after i got it. Worst part is, its borderline impossible to get a hold of microsoft for a replacement. So i ended up witha 35 dollar hunk of plastic.
I received this keyboard at work and hastily unwrapped the packaging. I charged it as instructed in the owner's manual. Upon first use, the keyboard would not turn on... Since the charge LED was functioning I guessed it wasn't a complete dud. Against advisement, I opened the case to investigate. I found the visible slider for the on/off switch detached, well... "loose", from the actual e switch. With a small pick I could manually flick the e switch and the keyboard would turn on, and function as advertised. With the case still separated, I aligned the two together and with inward force, as to keep the manufacturing fault from happening again, I attempted to turn on the keyboard with the exterior slider... nothing. Also found that the case opening for the slider was too small on the "on" side of the switch. So I filed the opening slightly wider on the "on" side. Tested, good. Super glued the slider to the e switch and reassembled. If you're not comfortable opening this thing up you might get stuck with a dud, so watch out for this one.  Aside from that the keyboard is everything I could have wanted for <$40, minus a scroll function, but pagedown seems to suffice. And it came at the earliest estimated date. Two stars for a waste of 45 minutes and some superglue.
I had owned one of these keyboards a few years ago and the keys started going bad.  The price convinced me to order another, even though so many here said negative things about it. Suffice to say, it showed up, I plugged it in, almost half of the keys don't work, right out of the box.  Sent it back, lesson learned and ordered a Logitech Illuminated keyboard. Buyer beware on this Microsoft keyboard, they must have spilled coffee on the circuit board plans.
I bought this for my new media center PC after seeing all the good reviews. I am not sure if I am just unlucky, or if there is a bad batch of those keyboards out there, but the two units I received were defective. The USB dongle is recognized by the PC and drivers install, but there is no connection to the keyboard. I tested it in 3 different PCs and my media center, always with the same result. I sent the first one back and got a replacement unit, that worked for about 5 minutes, then the same story. No connection. I am done trying now and will return for a refund and buy another cordless keyboard.
Just got thisa f  ays ago  I'm typing on mine now with the laptop on the fireplace mantle.  i am seated on the floor about eight feet away. New laptop with Win7 on it. Clearly this keyboard gadget works most of the time, but there are issues (i won't correct mistakes while typing this): 1. Mised annnnnd stuckkeestrokes. OK the preceding was real.. Caught it! This is maddening sometimes. Most of the time keystrokes get throught with no problem, but for no obvious reason, the keyboard occasionally locks up and keystrokes aren't registered. Then, all of the sufddden i get like fifty of the same key! I try to ype "youtube" into Google, and sometimes i get "ubeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee" Not cool. 2. Mouse lockup.  Mouse works great most of the time, mut it will suddenlyu freeze up and it may take as many as 17 swishes on the pad before it movesd. As is the case with other mouse pads, it also struggles to discern the difference between putting one's finger in the pad and a tap-click. 3. Range not as advertised.. Come on. 30 meters??? a hundred feet??? It dosn't even reach across my open living room and dining arwea. Let me give it another try from there. this is from about 20 feet away. Not ttop bad. this is from about fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff ok, that dn't wok sowell. 4. mouse button\positions not convenient for click-drag.  tha has morrrrrrrrrrrro dddd with design thnan with function, to be fair about it. 5. Laser poimter is a cugimmick. it's weak, but wo cares? 6 Ilo the bcklit keoard. I do like the idea of this little device very much, i just don't thimk this particular product is ready for prime time. It's just disappointing. I'll probably keep looking.  I recommend you do the same.
I tried this one a couple different computers in the house and i couldnt get anything to work except for the laser pointer. i couldnt exchange it either but i did get it returned. then i went and found another wireless keyboard with a touchpad and they canceled my order. i wont be shopping for keyboards with amazon again.
...then the touchpad stopped working.  All keys (including left and right click under the touchpad), backlight, and laser pointer still work.  Only now there is no response from the touchpad.  And only about a month out of warranty, too.
The mouse pointer wasn't seen to respond instantaneously after the mouse had been idle for a few moments.  While only a brief hesitation, it's enough lag that staff was annoyed with it. I don't know if this characteristic is typical of this particular model or if the one we received was defective.  Keyboard seemed to work ok though. The MK520 keyboard and mouse combo we ordered as a replacement didn't have this problem.
Love the design - wireless, compact, "crisp" keystroke feel, keyboard & touchpad in one. Got the perfect touchpad sensitivity in the first shipment, but there was something wrong with one of the keys. So I exchanged for another, but the new one had the sensitive touchpad problem several reviewers have talked about (can easily select, move or launch things accidentally). I thought it was just a lemon because the touchpad sensitivity was perfect in the first one. After 2 more exchanges, I realized it was the "normal" touchpad. The good one was just a "defect". Still the best combo keyboard so far. But as soon as I find another model / brand without this issue, I'm switching because it's annoying to have to find out what file or folder I have moved to where whenever I use the mouse over the file manager. Logitech, please fix it!
I was excited when I received the product, but it gradually diminished with use to a mediocre rating. I have had the unit for about 3 weeks. My main complaints are design-related. My biggest issue is the placement of the RF unit. It seems to be at the top left corner, right where your left index finger rests (as seen in the main photo).  Having your finger in certain positions greatly reduces the signal strength and its corresponding responsiveness.  I don't imagine it would have been to difficult to put the RF unit at the top center, so fingers wouldn't be a problem. With that, the range is not 10m (approx. 30 feet) as advertised.  With fingers out of the way, I occasionally have problems from about 10 feet. The range issues are exaggerated as the battery wears down. Speaking of the battery, it recharges quickly, but doesn't last very long, maybe 8-10 hours.  It can be used while recharging via the included USB dongle, but that kind of defeats the purpose of its remote-ness. The right side of the keyboard is a little awkward to access with your thumb having to jump over the touchpad. It would have been nice if the touchpad had multi-touch and scrolling capabilities, but I realize it is an inexpensive unit. Yes, you can set the touchpad to operate at 90 degress (to use one handed, like a TV remote), but the mouse-click buttons don't switch, with the right-click button the more natural to press. My last complaint is another that might be out of the price range, but it would have been nice to have user-defined shortcuts and keyboard combinations and the ability to re-map the mouse-click buttons (see previous). Overall, it functions and does a decent job as an entry-level unit.  It has a nice size and the keyboard has a decent feel.  However, I was expecting a bit more and will try similar products.
I own both the 2000 and 3000 model keyboard. First I purchased the 3000 keyboard & wireless mouse bundle at a great price, and loved it. The board & mouse have a great feel and are very responsive, until the keys stop working. At first my keys stop registering and I would have to push really hard on them to input, I thought a change of batteries would fix the problem. Nope! Eventually, most of the keys completely stopped working right after the warrenty ran out,of course. Just my luck. So I decided to see what was going on inside the board. Trust me when I say, You Get What You Pay For. So I was only out $50 for a little more than a year of use, ok, no big deal. So next I opted for this, the even cheaper 2000 keyboard only, as the mouse that came with the 3000 still works great, and sure enough, the keys started to become unresponsive after a few months! Listen, you can't beat the price, and the comfort design is really nice, but do yourself a favor, spend a little more money for a higher end board, otherwise you will be replacing your keyboard on an almost yearly basis. MS typically makes great hardware, at least in my opinion, but these paticular models just have an inherent design flaw. Pass!
I don't know what's up with Microsoft these days but their ergonomic keyboards simply don't last.  I've had one Comfort Curve 4000 and two 2000s and all of them have failed --- some of the keys become unresponsive.  This is a shame because I prefer an ergonomic keyboard (I had one of Microsoft's first, back in the 90s), but this is too much. I just received a Logitech 300 from Amazon.  Not ergonomic but a joy to type on.  We'll see how long it holds up, but I've never had a Logitech keyboard fail.
At 16 months the E, S, and D key labels are all but worn off.  I have Dell keyboards that after 10 years the labels on the keys are just fine. I've had no keyboard (using a Microsoft 3000 right now) where the key labels have ever worn off. Very disappointed.
If I had reviewed this item one month ago, it might have gotten two stars.  Unfortunately, the longer I used it, the more resentment and frustration I felt towards this mouse/keyboard combo. I'll start with the keyboard: it's comfortable to type on.  The keys have a nice tactile feel; nothing outstanding, but it feels better than many keyboards I have used.  However, it uses a non-standard layout for the home, end, and delete keys which can be difficult to get used to. The mouse is smaller than average, but I knew that when I bought it--I thought I would simply get used to it.  I didn't.  I missed the ergonomic feel of a mouse I could rest my hand on comfortably.  Also, the "feet" on the mouse (that it uses to glide across the surface) don't work very well.  At times, they wouldn't "glide" as much as "rub" across the surface of my mousepad... giving the impression that the mouse wanted to tip over to an extent.  This was annoying. This next part is 90% of the reason I'm giving this item one star: The responsiveness of both the mouse and keyboard are terrible.  So bad, in fact, that they're nearly unusable.  Forget about wanting to walk to your computer, sit down, move your mouse to wake up your screen, and start typing.  You'll wait a full 15-20 seconds AFTER your computer has woken up for your mouse to wake up.  Even then, even if you mashed some keys on your keyboard at the same time you woke up your mouse, they keyboard will take longer.  Start typing a word.  There is a delayed response.  The first letter appears, then nothing after that.  Assume the keyboard didn't read your input, so type it again.  Wait three seconds.  Stare at your screen in frustration as "SuddenSuddenlyly" appears on your screen.  Yeah, better get used to that.  I'm not a wireless hater!  I have a Microsoft wireless keyboard/mouse combo at work that I absolutely LOVE.  It's as responsive and precise as a wired mouse or keyboard.  But this Logitech... it's total garbage.
The Microsoft Natural line of keyboards are the best keyboards on the market, in my opinion. That said, there are a couple things about this keyboard that for me take it from a 5-star rating to a 3-star: The wrist-rest is plastic, and short. The plastic part is more offensive than the short length, in this case. It feels awful and cheap, but it's not a deal breaker. The arrow-directional keys are not in the standard position, or like they are on other Microsoft natural Keyboards, which is odd. This is done to make it a diminished footprint, I think. In any case, I don't like it. The Key Mapping is somewhat different from other Microsoft Natural keyboards, but it isn't a big deal. I dig the design-aesthetic of the black model a lot, in how it looks on my black glass desk. I use this as my back-up keyboard and as a keyboard for a second machine. For normal every day use as a primary keyboard I use and recommend the Microsoft Natural Ergonomic Keyboard 4000 .
This keyboard worked fine for about a year. Then two of the keys would no longer type. After taking it apart, cleaning it out, and putting it back together, it functioned properly again. But even though they keyboard was not being used that often, the same issue reoccurred a few months later and two other keys would no longer type. When I then read reviews of this keyboard on the internet, I found that numerous other people were having the same problem with this keyboard. I wish I had read the reviews before buying it.
Loved it when it worked.  Stopped working after 2 months.  The battery life was good.  The range was fairly limited, about 10 feet usually.
If you can find another option, try that first. I found this unit a somewhat unresponsive. Quite often, the trackpad takes a couple seconds to register movement. The build quality is lacking. I can hear and feel parts moving around inside which is probably not great.
If you like a noisy, cramped, error-prone keyboard, this is your product. Perhaps the most annoying feature is that the right shift key is not double sized like every other keyboard in the world; instead, it's a single sized key that invites the user to accidentally hit the adjacent page-up key, which creates havoc in typing. (This has happened 5 times since I started typing this!) The cheap feel of this keyboard reminds me of the generic boards we all used at the beginning of the PC age. And the clackity-clack noise is intolerable. If that isn't enough, the unit does not ship with drivers, and Windows 7 doesn't automatically download the software as plug-and-play. You have to go to the Logitech site and find the driver, which takes an inexplicably long time to download and set up. It's no wonder Logitech does not put this keyboard in the electronic store showroom. If they did, no one would buy it. I'm throwing this piece of crap where it belongs: in the trash.
Angered that I spent the $33 on this. I tried many times to get it to connect and even tried changing channels as the manual suggested. Nothing. From less than 2 feet away. MAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
As other reviewers have said, the spacebar is defective. It's extremely hard to press unless you hit it just right. The other keys are also a bit too stiff. The Microsoft Wireless Optical Desktop Pro is MUCH better. The spacebar works and the keys are softer but by no means too soft. The ergonomic shape is slightly less aggressive on the wireless version but it is still hugely better than a standard keyboard. I got used to it very quickly. The only downside to getting the wireless version is the lack of ability to raise the front (the side closest to the user). For some reason, Microsoft put folding feet on the back of the keyboard but you definitely don't want to raise the back if you are concerned about repetitive motion injury. The wireless connection seems to work fine. The mouse sometimes complained it wasn't getting a good signal so I've made sure there is line of sight (an uninterrupted line) between the mouse and the base station (you plug the base station into a USB port so that the mouse and the keyboard can talk to the computer via their wireless contact with the base station). I returned the "Natural Ergo" keyboard and got the wireless version only recently so I can't comment on battery life. Microsoft claims up to six months. A lot of people have commented on the function keys but the exact working of these convenience keys is a minor issue for me. On my mac (10.4) I've found that when the computer goes to sleep, I can't wake it up by clicking a button on the wireless mouse or by hitting the spacebar on the wireless keyboard. It's not a big deal; I just tap the power key on the computer itself and it wakes up right away. I'm not sure why this is happening.
This is a really neat idea. In my opinion is perfect for one thing: as an entertainment center keyboard. If you have a lot of movies on your computer or you are streaming Netflix often, and have a computer hooked up to the TV- totally perfect. If you want to use it for an actual keyboard for typing- awful! The size of the right shift key is about a quarter size of the original key, and the backspace is about half. Everything on the right size is shrunken down to make room for the trackpad, but it's infuriating to type on. If you're a decent typist and type frequently, it is very easy to miss the shift as you're trying to capitalize a letter, and instead hit the arrow key and jump to the line previous. So unbelievably annoying! They honestly should have just made it a NORMAL sized keyboard and just omitted the numeric keypad to make room for the trackpad. Instead they did that -and- decided to make it a smaller sized keyboard. If you type papers, lots of emails, or do a fair amount of blogging / forums, you REALLY don't want this keyboard. Bottom line: Cool keyboard for an entertainment center and works great, just awful for typing.
After 6 months..this mini keyboard started falling apart..keys wouldn't work and the charging dock fell off..Tried to get help from FAVI to repair it..forget about it..no reply..Do yourself a favor and look for a better brand
Only used it once, doesn't work anymore, If you want a very large Laser Point and nothing else get this, I'm so pissed off, can't believe it broke already
Received item, although slightly different than pictured (see Tony's review and picture...mine was the same).  I tried this on my Toshiba Windows 7 laptop.  Plugged in fine and downloaded drivers without a hitch.  Worked for about 2 minutes...then such sporadic performance it was unbearable.  Range was about 4-5 feet, so I don't think that was the issue.  It just would not operate.  I'd type, and maybe 1 or two letters or inputs would register.  The touchpad was zero functionality, so not much else to say for that feature.  And...not that I wanted it for this feature, but the laser pointer never worked either. General thoughts not counting the fact it didn't work: -nice shape and weight -backlight seemed to work nicely, and would be good in the dark -charging seemed hokey...no real indication of what was going on beyond a little light indicator. Have major doubts this rechargeable battery will stand the test of time (for those with working models) Based on reviews posted could be I hit a lemon...and that's fine, but like I said, different than pictured (matches Tony) and didn't work at all.  So can't give the few positives more than the 1 star minimum.
I needed an ergonomic keyboard for my imac.  Apple's keyboard sucks (so does its mouse, by the way).  I was able to buy it from Amazon for about 35% less than in the stores.  Great savings. Problems?  Not exactly.  Thing is, it's a windows keyboard so even though it uses a USB, none of the internet keys work with the imac, with the exception of the volume control, and that's disappointing.  I'm a touch typist and I would love to be able to navigate the web from my keyboard instead of the mouse.  But I can't with this keyboard and an imac. I guess my complaint is with Apple.  I think they are failing to listen to their users, specifically regarding their keyboard and their mouse.  Everyone I have spoken to about the mouse says the imac mouse should have a right-click button.  I agree.  And they should have an internet friendly keyboard. Anyway, this product does what I bought it to do, but looking at those dead shortcut keys all the time bums me out. Tom K. Las Vegas
The keyboard and touch-pad work very well, but the receiver is line-of-sight.  You can't plug it into the back of the PC or anywhere else with an obstructed view.
I would give this keyboard a 5-star rating, except that (unlike every one of the many other USB keyboard I have used, it will not work through a PS/2 converter/adapter... I struggled for several days last year with the MS Ergo Keyboard 4000's USB connection -- trying to get it to work through a high-quality Raritan KVM switch (which has PS/2 connectors for mouse and keyboard, no USB), and finally gave up. I *really* wanted to make it work, since I love many things about that keyboard, but I have to go through KVMs (and I already have a HUGE investment in the Raritan PS/2 equipment, so it would cost a small fortune to replace that with USB KVM equipment). I thought that it should be possible to make it work -- especially because I have used many other USB keyboards and USB mice with my KVMs. I tried many things including: (1) Several different brands of the little USB-to-PS2 and PS2-to-USB convertor/adapters (these are the little green or purple ones, about 1.5" long that sell for about $3-4 US), (2) Several of the more "upscale" USB-to-PS2 converter/adapters/splitters, such as the kind used for connecting keyboard and mouse to a laptop that has only one connector for external keyboard and mouse (these are about 6"-10" long, usually having a small nodule-thingie in the middle, with 1 cable about 3" on one side, and 2 cables about 3" long on the other side, and sell for about $10.00), (3) Some high-end USB-to-PS2 converter/adapter/splitter/emulators, like the laptop converter/splitter described above, but additionally having electronics which emulate a mouse (so that, when using a KVM and you switch it from computer A to computer B, Computer A still thinks it has a mouse attached).  (Since the USB connector on these is male, and the USB connector on the MS 4000 keyboard is male, you have to use a F-F gender changer between them). These sell for about $50-150.00. (4) Praying (5) Holding my breath and contorting my mouth into unusual shapes, none of which worked. I cannot understand WHY it is not possible to get this keyboard to work through USB-to-PS2 converters.  I posted questions in a few online forums about this, but have never gotten any answers. Since then, I have discovered that there are also a few USB mouses (both wired and wireless) made by Microsoft, which similarly do not work with the KVMs, converters/adapters, splitters/emulators.  (But I have some earlier models of Microsoft USB mice which do work -- such as the  Wireless Optical Mouse 2.0). I have reluctantly resigned myself to the fact that the MS 4000 Ergo keyboard is not going to be possible for me with my KVM setups. But -- still I would like to know the reason WHY?!?!  What is Microsoft doing differently with their USB? It appears to be yet another instance where Microsoft ignores well-established international standards, and designs things they way they think is "better", to hell with compatibility with the rest of the world's manufacturer's devices. But, what is it that Microsoft is doing differently, which they apparently think is better than the USB standard?  What are we gaining from this difference? Microsoft won't answer this question.  I've sent it to a few of the computer-tech magazines, but they don't seem to be sufficiently interested in the problem to provide an answer. I would be most grateful if there is someone here who could enlighten us as to the "WHY" of this incompatibility. Thanks!
Maybe I got a bad one ... shift key sticks a little and takes undue amount of pressure to use.  I type math code regularly for 40 hours a week and hitting the shift key to make brackets made my fingers ache. Other keys also got sticky after a few weeks of use.  I feel like I'm stabbing my fingers onto concrete or something.  The only alternative is to go so slowly with typing that I can't get the words out of my head.  A pencil would hurt less. The older Microsoft Natural multimedia keyboards were great.  I went through about one every 2 years or so before they sort of wore out and got painful.  I'll try one with the pad or whatever.  I'm not a fan of pads and fabrics with my allergies.  I'd rather have the plain plastic. I went to type a document for a while today and every keystroke I hit makes my fingers hurt. I do have chronic inflammation so small things are bigger with me.  What feels like concrete to me might feel like pressing on wood for someone else. The keyboard design is nice.  I have long fingers.  The keys are in decent places.  They just feel sticky and stop painfully to press down.  There's one amount of force to push it down, then a strange stop.  Push a lot to get over the initial resistance, then the resistance somehow disappears at the end of the key press, where it feels like slamming a door.  Cannot type quickly with this keyboard without injury.  Must go very slowly.  Still hurts eventually. Essentially, it's like pressing a screen door closed that's slightly resisting you with its cylinder thing, then all of a sudden, no resistance and you end up slamming the door.  I think that's why my fingers cannot stand this keyboard anymore. Perhaps it is just the particular keyboard I got since so many like it.  The spacebar has more resistance than the other keys and that is not pleasant. Will try some other keyboards.  Would have been a good keyboard.  Could even live with what feels like odd arrow key placements. I practically turn my hand at an angle to use the arrow keys.  I find myself using the mouse more in documents and math software than ever before after this keyboard.  The strange key resistance is unacceptable.  If yours doesn't have this, great.  Mine makes it unbearable.
I will be short and hopefully useful here.  The keyboard and mouse are both functionally great.  Everything I can ask for in a keyboard and mouse - all of the alphabet, every number I know, and arrow keys in all four directions.  It's a keyboard and mouse, what do you expect?  I will say that the little calculator button is pretty cool. My main (and only) issue with this set is the keyboard recognition distance.  I haven't had any trouble with the mouse yet, but my keyboard tends to cut out from only about 6-8 feet from the receiver.  I have to move the keyboard around to maintain connection and this can be quite a pain when I'm typing longer things. This, given a keyboard's relatively basic purpose, makes the keyboard a fairly frustrating item to use.
Purchased from Amazon in December 2009; Microsoft Natural Ergonomic 400 has nice features and layout, and I really wanted to like it.  BUT the spacebar is terrible--much too hard to press, especially from the left and right ends of it, where a touch typist normally would hit it.  Mushy spacebar too.  The keyboard is ergonomic for all of your hand/wrist except the thumb; I'd expect thumb discomfort/pain after a while using it.  Returned it for a different keyboard.  If you search the internet for the words _Microsoft spacebar fix_, you'll see that this is a common problem (but doesn't always occur--apparently some have this defect, and others don't), and that various people have tried various fixes, but none are really satisfactory.  Wish I had seen this before buying it. Maybe a two-finger "hunt and peck" typist wouldn't notice this, but for this touch typist the problematic/defective spacebar is a dealbreaker.
I got this keyboard at work, and while it's a good keyboard, we found that it has some software bugs. I'd recommend not installing the software that comes with it, and just forgo the "zoom" control and a couple other bells and whistles. If you want those, don't buy Microsoft. Pluses: Good touch, I'm a fast typist and even with my advancing arthritis, I haven't slowed much with this keyboard. On a 'straight' keyboard I can now only go about 20 wpm, here, I can do my old 50-70 wpm. Keys are about where you expect them to be, and even with a couple years' wear, this keyboard is holding up well. It really is good hardware. Minuses: Lots of crevices that catch junk. You need something like a playing card to periodically clean them. Now the software: The software is a train wreck. It messes up the zoom settings and window scroll settings on my Dell dual-core laptop when it's undocked. Rebooting doesn't help. If you open an Excel sheet, it  immediately zooms to 400%. Unzoom it, and what the hey, it zooms right back to 400% again. Scroll bars act the same. Everything wants to be up at the top, regardless of where I set it. And if you have a Logitech mouse, it won't work right with Microsoft's software as it just installs itself over the top of anything you had previously configured perfectly. Conclusion: Good keyboard, very good hardware; but the software is invasive. Don't install the software. Thanks, Microsoft. Why only 2 stars? Uninstalling Microsoft's software trashed my built-in laptop keyboard's drivers. (It disabled them!) So when I rebooted, I had NO keyboard at all! I had to take it to our IS guys and apologize. Hey Microsoft, don't you guys think that's just a bit vindictive...?
I would recommend avoiding this keyboard for one specific reason: the "sticky" spacebar. Unless you are applying pressure to the very center of the bar (rather than favoring the right or the left sides), an unusual amount of force needs to be applied just to operate it. This is extremely bothersome because it slows you down while typing as well as making it more fatiguing. It is also quite loud...I've actually had people in other rooms complain about the racket! NOTE: the sticky bar issue with this keyboard is an extremely common one (if not universal). I wish I had done some research on this item before purchasing it and saved myself the trouble of a return.
I don't write many reviews, but when I do, I try to think about the general population, and not my own views of the product. I just picked this up a few weeks ago and have used it quite a bit. If your like me, you have trouble listening to other peoples opinions, you just have to find out for yourself. Well this is what you will find out. The track pad is very poor. This is the primary flaw with the device. As far as controlling the little black pointer, I really have never used anything that bad. On the flip side, I have never used anything that small. So what this means to you, is that this device will really only be a good purchase if you seldom use your pc. If you are just using it for home theatre, in which all you really need to do is open and play a movie now and then, than go for it. It's size makes up for it's lack of usability. If you use it for anything more than that, then forget it. I have my computer hooked up in my entertainment rack for my main TV. I download movies, shows, occasionally use pandora, youtube, etc. It is a royal pain in the ass to use for everyday tasks. My other gripe is the battery life. It only last 3-4 days on a full charge with very light usage (when left on.) It does offer an on-off switch, but it's sort of tough to remember to turn it off after you use it. I don't really like the fact that you have to turn it on and off. That's something for you to decide though. I do have some connection issues as well. The range is strange, it hesitates a lot from 6 feet away. I haven't checked to see if there is some sort of interference, it's unlikely that it is, but I don't want to give a poor review based on something I'm not sure of. So just take note of it as a possibility.
I was satisfied with this keyboard for about three months until the 'n' key stopped working.  I see I am not the only person who has run into this type of problem problem.
What more can I say?  This is so LAME Logitech. You saved what 50 cents taking the LED features away? Don't tell me to install the Setpoint software. That only works on your monitor if you mouse over the icon and it tells you if cap locks is on or off. Where is your brain?  I have always used Logitech keyboards, but in the morning this crap goes back to the store and I will go with Microsoft. This keyboard seems a bit squished and doesn't feel as comfortable as my Logitech Internet Pro keyboard. That would be awesome as a wireless. That was a five star keyboard all the way! LOGITECH give your heads a shake and get back to basics.
For what it is, I like it. It allows me to connect my laptop to my TV and still have control over it from the couch. The range is not that great. I set my computer next to my TV and the couch is about 10' away; if I don't have full battery, I need to reach closer to the computer for it to register. The size is perfect. For those of you that are used to texting on cell phones, you will feel right at home with this keyboard. I wish there was a way to tell if the battery is close to needing a charge. I just need to remember to plug it in every so often so that it's fully charged when I need it.
I consider myself a bit of a techy, and current I watch TV thru Hulu, Netflix, and downloading.  I switch the outputs of my computer from the monitor/speakers in my office to the 42" LCD and HT receiver in the living room and it's on. Well, I was getting a little tired of bringing my mouse back and forth into the TV room and decided there had to be a better way. That's when I ran across the Rii.  It looks PERFECT!  It's compact, it features a keyboard, has some shortcut buttons and a Li-On battery.  The description shows 'up to 30 meter' range...roughly 100 feet. Sweet! I get the device home, I plug it in and let it charge overnight, and the next day I'm a giddy individual...time to tryout the new toy.  Windows 7 immediately recognizes the device and it seems to work flawlessly.  Now, at this point I'm standing directly in front of the TV and about a foot away from the USB receiver. I hear something outside and turn to look out the window.  I look down and the reception light is flashing.  It lost reception at 2 feet from the receiver because my body was blocking the line of site. That was my first clue.  After that, it just got worse.  The couch is 6 feet from the receiver and the reception was spotty at best from there. When it works, it works great.  But they REALLY need to do something about the TERRIBLY MISREPRESENTED range of the device. All I can say is purchase at your own risk. PS - I rated the battery as 3 stars...I can't really say...it was immediately apparent this thing was not going to work for me, so I never had time to test the battery life.
I've owned several of the MS ergonomic keyboards.  I decided to pick this one up to see how much difference there was compared to the older models.  For one, people say the keys are quite easy to press, it is, slightly.  The keys are quiet but the depression of the keys are a little bit harder than the previous models. The thing I hate the most is when you're typing and the keys are hard to press or you have to hit the keys at a certain angle in order for it to go down and register. This 4000 model, the keys are soft yet you have to hit the keys a little bit harder for it to go down.  The wireless optical pro kit that has a ergo keybord like this is much softer meaning all you have to do is slightly tap the keys and you're good to go. I think I may be one of thee most pickiest people when it comes to keyboards.  I just cannot stand typing on keyboards that have keys that are hard to press.  I do not understand how everyone goes about their day to day activities and this not even bothers them one bit.  Anyhow, I give it two stars.  The design is nice but the keys are hard to press which mean you have to hit the keys that much more harder.  I'm going to return it to where I bought it from and stick with the wireless ergo keyboard for now.
This is the perfect small media center remote for a computer hooked up to a tv.  It's compact, has a full keyboard with a logical layout of keys, has an effective touchpad with a scrolling zone on the right side, and has great backlighting and battery life. It was exactly what I was looking for to replace a keyboard and mouse on my lap. That being said, the only aspects of it that I'm disappointed in are its connection quality, its sleep-mode issues, and a funky double-key-press issue that I can't confirm is a problem specific to my remote or is evident for all remotes. 1. Connection quality: with direct line-of-sight to the wireless dongle on the PC, is about 90%.  Without direct line-of-sight, it's more like 30%.  It will often miss keypresses or not respond altogether without being in the optimum position relative to the dongle - I've found I sometimes have to raise the device out of my lap to get a connection.  This strangely seems to be regardless of range; the device worked great with a good line-of-sight up to 30 feet away, through a window. 2. Sleep-mode: after a few minutes of inactivity the device will go into sleep-mode to save battery - a novel feature except the only way to wake it up is through a keypress or by turning the backlight on and off. I've gotten used to it, but it would have been nice if the trackpad woke up the device ((the trackpad will not respond until clicking a key). 3. Key double-press: this may be a hardware problem specific to my device, but my "9" key consistently types twice when I click it. On rare occasions this happens with other keys as well. 4. Engrish manual: the manual has been translated poorly. "iphone-style craft classic style." Wha?  It is able to explain some features, though. Overall, I like it. It's cheap and it works reasonably well. The best alternative seems to be a logitech device over $100.  I imagine the logitech device would have much better connection quality.  The device's connection quality is what disappointed me most - it forces me to hold the device high instead of relaxed in my lap, like I envisioned.  I have experienced no problems with wireless interference from a wireless router across the room.  The build quality is fine and the battery life seems good.  The keyboard has a great layout with a dedicated ctrl-alt-del button, which is ingenious.  The trackpad, although small, can cover the screen in about 3 swipes. I imagine the logitech device would improve upon most of this device's shortcomings, but for 1/4 of the price I have a hard time complaining.
I have purchased two of these keyboards. I had to replace the first one because I spilled something on it and after that it would type incorrect letters for the keys struck. Totally my fault, but I've had keyboards in the past that survived such accidents. The second keyboard, the "x" key has stopped working. <-- I just spent a couple of minutes looking on this page for an "x" to cut and paste. So, in terms of dependability, I'd say this keyboard ranks two stars (below average). I gave it a one though because given its cost it should be more dependable than less expensive options.
I bought this to replace my original generation natural keyboard which I had for seven years at work before one of the keys stopped functioning. This keyboard lasted just over a year of home use. I do not consider that an acceptable lifespan for a keyboard, especially one at this price point. With this poor reliability I'd suggest buying something of higher quality, or lower cost (like the 2000 series keyboard) so that you either get something that will work for a longer time, or won't feel bad about throwing away after a year of relatively light use.
I have had this keyboard and it has been used by both me and my mother for about 2 months now. It does have decent quality, I had the same noise problem as has been previously stated. My problem is the design of the keyboard and keys. I have had standard height keyboards and a combination of the keyboard being about 1/4" thinner and the cave in design in the center make it a bit uncomfortable to both of us. If you set the keyboard down flat, most keyboards the keys will sit pretty close to flat from the row with the numbers on it to the row with the space bar on it. this keyboard the center rows are lowered so the row of QWERTY is about 3/16" lower then the space bar row or the upper rows F key row. I think that the combination of both things make it uncomfortable. I usually type with the keyboard on my lap though and my mom uses a computer desk with a slide out drawer. I have tried it both ways and with the back feet up and down. The key layout in the positioning of the keys is good and the feel of the keys is nice, and I do like the ergonomically design to keyboards, but for the combination of the keys being lower in the center and the flat design, we will be looking to get a different one.
Logitech product not as  in the past In the past using the combo for 3-4 years before the lithium battery start to went bad So bought the new combo..however the quality is not the same like in the past Now the mouse in just few months start to behave erratically For example to copy and block text now cannot do it to click on a menu, it wont stay and just need to press harder before it really open the menu Really disappointing !
This keyboard works good, but the usable range is only about eight to ten feet before it loses connection.  All other keyboards I have work up to fifteen to twenty feet from computer.  Something to think about if using for HTPC.
This is a media keyboard, so I didn't expect it a lot. I didn't buy it for gaming. I just use it to do my work and paper typing, but the unacceptable thing is that several keys' "life expectancy" is too short. The connection between keycaps and membrane was working in an awful status. Even it only cost nearly 16 dollars, it still need to be usable. I gave up. Microsoft made a lot awesome hardwares, except this one.
For anyone looking to purchase this product, beware the marketing-bought reviews on it.  It's a nice enough keyboard and mouse, but it has a terrible time with dropped keystrokes and multi-second keystroke lag.  It's not a battery problem, as it happens on fresh batteries.  It's not a range problem, happens the same way anywhere between 3' and 15'.  There's not even a lot of wireless to interfere - I'm on my own lot, my computers are on ethernet, I don't have a cordless phone, and it happens when I'm not running the microwave. It's completely unusable in games: Nothing brings you out of gaming annoys you quite like your keyboard simply stopping working for 5-10 seconds at a time, and THEN sending all those keystrokes at once.  This isn't a problem with Logitech in general, their other wireless keyboards work properly.  Even the mouse on this one is fine.  Buy a different model of theirs - really, any different model. Also, the insert/delete/home/end/pgup/pgdown keybar is the most awkward and confused layout I've ever seen outside no-name asian imports.  Take a close look at the layout and see if your fingers would know what to do with that.
Ok so it works great from close range but in my situation, this thing falls flat on its face. I've got my laptop connected to my TV via HDMI with this keyboard connected via USB. With a direct line of site from across the room (approximately 11ft.) the keyboard is utterly worthless unless I want to indicate something or piss-off a cat (with the laser pointer). The keystrokes start lagging and the cursor action is very choppy around only 5' away. I sent my device back and got a Logitech Wireless Touch Keyboard K400 for a couple bucks extra which does EXACTLY what I wanted at a longer range. I should also mention that I have a Logitech mouse with a nano USB dongle that also works great at 11ft. Also, typing is a bit awkward with the right hand to stretch over the touchpad but you should expect that given the layout.
This keyboard is terrible. I bought this keyboard to use my laptop as a desktop. But this keyboard is far from being satisfactory. The buttons on the keyboard are so sparsely distributed that you have to have big hands to type comfortably. The zoom control in the middle of the keyboard kills your speed. The distance between two parts of the button sets are too wide (please see my photos, you can put three fingers between B and N). I mean look at that, it does not make sense to put zoom control in the middle of the keyboard. The buttons are also located terribly. I have to correct and retype almost every word because of the buttons. Some buttons are larger than others, that also bothers me a lot. The space button is awful. It's annoyingly noisy. The keyboard is extremely large. they could have made it smaller and more compact. It's almost as wide as my 21.5 inch monitor. All in all, I don't recommend this keyboard, there are much better products than this one. Don't waste your time and money.
If you want Carpal Tunnel Syndrome, then this is the keyboard for you.  The space key on this keyboard does not respond well because of the design.  Your left thumb will reach the far left side of the space bar, which is designed to respond effectively if you press it in the middle, which you can't do unless you have a six inch thumb.  This forces you to extend your thumb and stress the wrist.  After two days of using this product, I may need surgery.  Do yourself a favor and buy a normal keyboard.  Of course, if you type with one finger and have time to pinpoint the space bar with your index finger and you think this looks cool, then buy it.  But if you know how to type, then get a regular keyboard.
I have used Dell, Gateway, Logitech and other keyboards. This is the only one that DOESN'T WORK until Windows come up. So basically, if you need to select your OS or do work on the BIOS that requires keyboard info, it won't work. Keyboard failure shows up during boot. I'm running it through an internal USB card on a Dell server because the internal ones on the Dell don't respond although being powered up and showing as operational in Windows. I also tried using one of those usb to ps/2 connectors that Logitech thoughtfully includes with their keyboards and mice, still didn't work. So I have to keep an old, beat-up Gateway keyboard around in case I have to do maintenance on the system.
Pros: -nice design, nice size, feels good to hold and type on with your index fingers -laster pointer a bonus -backlight a plus -adjustable touchpad is a nice feature -compatible with linux -ability to change rf channels -decent price Cons: -very weak signal, inconsistent, signal will break depending on the orientation of the device Unfortunately I cannot recommend this device to anybody seeking a wireless keyboard. It gives inconsistent performance at a distance of 8-9ft. You cannot even type 30-40 characters w/o a signal drop (5-15s) and needless to say this makes the use of the touchpad VERY annoying. I even changed the channel to no avail. Signal drop was present even when connected to the charger. I also own a lenovo bluetooth multimedia mini keyboard/trackball so I do have a similar product to compare this to. Recommendations to the manufacture: -fix your antennae not everybody is going to want to use this product with the keyboard parallel to the floor and the long axis perpendicular to the receiver. -boost the signal strength 8-9ft is nothing and a very typical distance for someone who purchases this to use as a remote for a htpc
I am using this keyboard on the mac - i was able to program the keys all ok - took some doing. Overall it works well but some of the keys have a very loose, cheap feeling. Most noticeable the tab key - it feels very klackety and loose. Maybe i just got a bad keyboard, I dunno. I might try the MS 500 which is a smaller newer keyboard. Also, I dislike the big ramp up in the middle of this keyboard - the pictures don't show it being this pronounced.
I ordered two of these devices hoping they would work despite their cheap price. Both devices showed up in the same package with no padding for shipping of any sort, just a simple envelope. One device was dead out of the box, would not charge, indicator lights would not work, etc. The second device took a charge and I even got it to connect to my laptop and playstation. Even when connected the connection was spotty from any more than 5 feet away and keystrokes were not recognized most of the time. I could get the device to work if I held it at just the right angle, pointed right at the receiver, but this made it impossible to use the keyboard or mouse in an efficient way. Looking closer at the device i also saw that the "laser pointer" bulb was skewed to one side and barely visible due to it being misaligned on both devices. This also did not function at all on the device I was able to charge. After this, I sent a return request to the manufacturer. In order to return the devices I have to pay return shipping and a 15% restocking fee. I may as well have used 2 $20 bills to start a camp fire. I would have gotten more use out of the fire.
the unit is quite good looking, thin, light etc. but this is not the key board for you if you are used to finding keys by instinct. some keys are not where they ought to be (or at least not where people are generally used to finding them intuitively--shift key for example), located in wrong places and in wrong (meaning, disproportionate) sizes and shapes.  the worst part, however, is the touch pad seems to have a mind of its own.  a mere touch or slight movement produces random actions on the screen. For example, if you are trying to just move a cursor over a folder, a slight movement over it not only causes the folder to open but, worse, move it randomly to an entirely new location! And if you weren't watching when the keyboard was performing these weird functions, you would  have thought that you had accidentally deleted the entire folder! It took me a while actually to find the missing folder the keyboard had moved on its own. The touch pad performs random move, merge, select, open etc. functions with no prompting of any kind with a mere touch or finger movement. Moving the cursor over a list of bookmarks has a similar effect; it either mergers folders, picks out wrong book marks, or selects it for a random move elsewhere.  it's very frustrating. the R/L mouse keys don't work well either.  they are mostly non responsive to gentle/soft touch (sufficient for most key boards); instead you have to really press them hard to get any response.  i think i got a lemon, but going by other comments it seems to me that there are serious quality control issues with this product. unfortunately, bought this product directly from Logitech (wish i had purchased it from Amazon instead--they make no fuss about accepting defective products for no extra shipping charges). Claiming warranty or returning the product etc. are too much of a hassle with direct manf. purchase, in my opinion.
FIrst be careful what you order. there are reviews mixed between similar products so not all reviews may apply to your product. Secondly Amazon is mixing technical details on two very similar products, vis-a-vis the wireless and the bluetooth from the same manufacturer. I order the "wireless" which said in the technical details bluetooth what I received was wireless radio frequency. Now to the first impressions, nice small keyboard. While charging can be used until it comes up to full charge. has a dongle for radio frequency communication tucked in to the device which is convenient. The battery is loose in the case which marks the device down. I bought this to work with my Android tablet and I was pleasantly surprised to find that while not bluetooth the radio frequency dongle worked on the tablet and thusly the keyboard. The Track pad on my android tablet though tracks wonky side to side is up and down and up and down are side to side. The track pad issue is not a big deal as this is a tablet and I only need the keyboard. On my HTPC running XP SP3 the dongle was just plug and play and the track pad and keyboard just worked. I had no tracking issues and the tracking speed without touching the control panel was decent enough.
the space bar sticks!! The touch of the keys is soft and comfy, the ergonomic design is brilliant and requires little adjustment, but the space bar  sticks and clacks. As this is my second MS Natural Keyboard, I believe it must be a design flaw. What a shame. I'm still on the search for the perfect inexpensive ergo keyboard.
Many years ago I purchased several Microsoft keyboards, only to have to return them all because the keyboard letters would wear off quickly.  I presumed that they had long-ago fixed this problem.  I was wrong.  The letters began to wear off within two-weeks of usage.  I am very disappointed that Microsoft never corrected a known problem with their keyboards after all these years.
a) keys get stuck b) range is at most 2 feet, not *up to 100* feet as advertized on the box. Limited range and stuck keys makes it useless for HTPC...sigh
We 40-somethings remember a time, many years ago, back in the "dot-com bubble" days of the late 1990s, when making hardware was the one thing that Microsoft could do well. Back in those days, when you found yourself in Circuit City or CompUSA looking for a mouse or a keyboard, Microsoft was what you wanted. Alas, those days have flown. They are gone forever, just like the two and a half hours that I spent trying to get this thing to work. Our memories of those days are now hazy and fragmentary, fleeting snippets of Jerry Maguire, Ace Of Base, I-did-not-have-sex-with-that-woman, all flashing intermittently  through our temporal lobes, just as this keyboard would occasionally send flashes of language up to my monitor before crapping out with a Code 43 error. Where have those days flown? I know not; I know only that this thing is flying right back to Amazon on the wings of UPS. The composer John Cage once said, "We need not destroy the past. It is gone." Apparently so is decent Microsoft hardware, since I have also had to return two of their crappy wireless mice to Best Buy in the past month alone. Redmond, your hardware is now known as is your software, an unsurpassed destroyer of productivity. Open source . . . Logitech . . . Snow Leopard . . . I am coming . . .
This is by far the best keyboard I've ever had in terms of ergonomics, and the worst quality control I've ever seen in a high tech product. My first keyboard was from Fry's. F5, F7, and F9 failed but by the time I got around to returning, I was too late. Figuring it was a fluke, and knowing that Amazon is good about returns, I ordered one from Amazon. Same keys failed, in about a month. Amazon did a replacement. Same problem. I'm returning it today. I assume they will give me a refund. How could a problem like this possibly escape the attention of quality control? I'm shifting to the Logitech kayboard. I hope it fits me as well.
I bought this device to control my media PC. CONS: It does not work well from more than about 5 feet away. Even up close when typing text you have to make sure every character that is typed actually makes it to the PC. The touch pad mouse control is tempermental and hard to control. I had to change the mouse sensitivity and the mouse speed to the highest level and it still takes several swipes to get the mouse to travel from one side of the screen to the other. The up and down movement is very hard to control, side to side is better. It is difficult to pick the device up without pressing keys. If you want to press the left mouse key to drag and drop it is hard to hold the device and get your hands in a position to do that. PROS It is small and easy to hold. The keys are easy to use. Simple to set up, plug and play all worked fine. It does the job but you have to be patient and hold it in a place where the system id recieving a signal.
So far so good! I just bought the keyboard and it works well. Some keys are sensitive while others need breaking into. Overall, I think it is a good buy.
After less than a year of use the keyboard lettering wore off. Still works otherwise ok after 2 yrs. Oh and the B,N,M keys stop working every so often until you drop the keyboard on the desk.
Everything on this keyboard works... except it's range. I can only get 5-7 feet before the keyboard and touchpad begins to drop button presses and finger scrolls. I tested my old Lenovo keyboard as a comparison and it can easily handle 10 feet or more. Pretty big problem for a htpc keyboard.
Because i discovered a malfunction in the keyboard ,I contacted , Microsoft and they were considerate enough to send me a,BRAND NEW KEYBOARD,free of charge.Because I couldn't contact Reforger,Thanks God for Microsoft. Also the malfunction was in the,two2,L,key,zoom,key,didn't work. Sorry you didn't know of the malfunction,didn't know a person had to purchase as is.Do more refurbishing before sending products out.   Thank You   Profit Adams
I have had two of these keyboards now.  A replacement had to be sent because the first one had a key that stuck. The second I have been typing on for about two weeks and seems fine.
I've been using this keyboard for years, at work and at home, and I was always wonderfully satisfied with them.  Until yesterday, when I opened a pressurized bottle of soda and it sprayed some soda onto the keyboard.  My keyboard soon developed funky behavior, and then while trying to figure out what was going on (I thought a key had got stuck), eventually rebooting my system to see if it was merely a software problem.  Unfortunately, my computer could not successfully boot, and when I turned the power off and on again, my computer was dead.<p>I took apart the MS Natural keyboard, and found that under the rubber key supports, there are two layers of conductor-coated plastic separated by a thin sheet of plastic.  The conductor traces around the left control key looked as though they had burned.  Looking at the keyboard design, it appears that the power leads for the LED's are very close to the leads for the keystrokes, and apparently power from the keyboard connector got fed back to the computer on the data lines, killing the computer as well as the keyboard.<p>Don't get your MS Natural Elite keyboard wet, whatever you do.
I ordered this product on Jan 2, 2012 from Amazon. My first impressions upon taking it out of the box were that it looked different than the pictures shown. After comparing it to the product pictures I confirmed that what I ordered was a slightly different unit than what is shown. I have posted a picture so that you can see what is different in the one I ordered compared to the original product picture & the pictures of other owners. Specifically: The USB dongle is full size, not a mini like in others pictured. The buttons below the touch pad are completely different than other pictured models. Keys are also flat & clear glossy finger print magnet plastic material, not convex matte finish like seen in other models pictured. After trying this product out for a little over 20 mins navigating the internet and doing some video playback my first impressions are that I should have invested in another (but full size) keyboard. The biggest problem I have with this product is that it will go into some sort of sleep mode (I assume to conserve battery life) which takes about 10 seconds before it will reconnect with the computer and start showing the mouse swipes & keyboard inputs. This was very frustrating while surfing the net & watching YouTube videos. I have no idea the length of time before it would power down the signal but just to give you an idea this would happen after watching a 2 min YouTube video. At first I thought it was neat how small the keyboard was but after trying to type on it I've grown frustrated with typing on the thing. Having been raised knowing how to type on the keyboard I find myself being frustrated going from 70+ wpm on the computer down to about 10 wpm because of design of this particular keyboard. The keys are grid shaped, not offset like a normal keyboard and because of the touch pad on the right it's not as easy to type on as say an Iphone because you'r right thumb has to reach considerably further to hit any of the keys. So if you're thinking that you text fast & this wouldn't be a problem consider the inch of dead space between your thumb & the keys. Lastly, & probably the most important is signal quality. I purchased this with intentions of using it for an HTPC. Sitting about 10 ft away from the computer I found that it drops keystrokes about every 5th input. The trackpad is also something highly left to be desired. I first used this on my gaming machine that I sit about 2 ft away from and noticed a slight laggy input when using the trackpad. I was a little leery that the signal was that bad sitting so close to the input but I decided to still give it a chance and plugged it into my HTPC. Increasing the distance between the USB dongle & the keyboard only increases the lag of using the trackpad. So in review: 1 star was taken off for not receiving exactly what I was shown in the product pictures. 1 star was taken off for the poor signal quality of this item even at close ranges, and 1 star is taken off for the lack of distance this allows you to have between the PC and the keyboard (in the product description it states this works within 30M which I assume they mean 30 meters. Unfortunately in a 12x12 room with nothing between me and the PC I was having signals cut out constantly. This room also has no wireless internet connection & no wireless phones).
I used an older Microsoft Natural keyboard for over five years, and it was excellent.  By comparison, conventional keyboards are an occupational hazard.  Unfortunately, I broke it while cleaning it, and I had to buy a new one.  I picked up the Elite model without looking too closely ... but soon after I started using it, I was cursing under my breath ... because of the arrangement of the Home/Page Up/Page Dn/End/Delete/Insert and arrow keys.  They've lost the inverted-T configuration used with the older Natural keyboard.  Also, these keys are now half-sized, and therefore harder to hit.  These may seem like minor quibbles to some of you -- but they preclude the possibility of hitting these keys without looking at them.  This inability is detrimental to any serious touch-typist.  I'm a full time IT professional, and as far as I'm concerned, this keyboard is unusable.  (My suspicious mind guesses that Microsoft used this bogus configuration to push us to pay for the upscale Pro model, which has the correct key configuration.)
The device works as described.  It is super light (about 1/2 the weight of an iPhone), but doesn't feel "cheap".  Not super solid, but not bad -sort of a "meh" feeling. Laser works, light up keyboard works ok, buttons work ok, mouse pad works ok, but nothing works really well.  Mis-types are common, you have to press each button slowly and firmly, and there is a very slight delay in the response -which makes it very easy to make a mistake. It's not really worth the hassle to return it, and it does work; but in retrospect I wish I had purchased the (more expensive) Lenovo model. Again, this isn't a BAD device, it is perfectly adequate.  It just isn't GREAT.
BUENO A ESTA PERSONA LE HICE LA COMPRA Y LA VERDAD PERDI MI DINERO PORQUE HASTA LA FECHA NO HE RECIBIDO EL PAQUETE ME CANSE DE PEDIRLE EL NUMERO DE TRACKING PARA BUSCARLO EN LA COMPA&Ntilde;IA DE TRANSPORTE PARA VER SI ESTABA EXTRAVIADO ALLI PERO NUNCA ME RESPONDIERON SON MUY IRRESPONSABLE ASI QUE NO PUEDO NI RECOMENDAR EL PRODUCTO GOOD TO THIS PERSON DID YOU BUY THE TRUTH AND I lost my money because so far I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE PACKAGE ASK ME TIRED OF THE TRACKING NUMBER TO SEARCH THE TRANSPORT COMPANY TO SEE IF THERE WAS LOST BUT NEVER ANSWERED ME ARE VERY IRRESPONSIBLE OR SO I CAN NOT RECOMMEND THE PRODUCT
I'm new to the home theater PC world and knew I'd need a keyboard. The smaller remotes with an integrated keypad promised to be far too awkward, so I went with this product because of the Logitech name. Big mistake. This does not have a full sized keyboard, and while I thought I might be able to live with it anyway, my hands are too large and I'm too used to a full sized keyboard to get my fingers to hit the correct keys, even when concentrating. The right shift key, in particular, is a real problem because Logitech replaces the full sized key with two smaller keys: Shift and Enter. When capitalizing words, I keep hitting the Enter key by mistake...even when trying deparately to not do so. The real problem is the touch pad. The sensitivity seems to vary randomly and, when moving my finger across the pad to relocate the cursor, it often performs a "hold the left button down to drag" function, forcing me to hit the escape key and start again. The left and right "mouse" buttons provide no tactile feedback, so I have to press them quite hard to make sure they're "clicking". Tapping the touchpad produces random results. The whole thing is very annoying. The only positive feature I can offer is the battery life is excellent. Mine might have been a defective devices, since I see that most people rate this product highly. I strongly encourage you to spend the $110 and buy Logitech's diNovo keyboard instead. I just replaced this piece of junk with the much higher quality, full sized keyboard and am in love with it.
This would be a great HTPC keyboard, except that the range is terrible. I had problems anywhere beyond 5 feet. I returned this product. I used the Cideko Wireless Air Keyboard and Gyro Mouse Combo before trying this Logitech and have returned to the Cideko as the range is much greater. For my other HTPC I use the IOGEAR Multimedia Keyboard with Laser Trackball and Scroll Wheel. If you have the room, this is the best HTPC keyboard I've found yet (and I've tried a lot).
It runs out of batteries with out using it and there is no way for me to close programs with out the mouse. It works just enough to keep but the usb driver may mess with Vista hibernate/sleep mode. *sigh*
Pros: Installs easily, Small size, good battery life, keys work well. Cons: The touchpad blows, good luck navigating the arrow across the screen without activating a link unintentionally.
So at this point I'm searching for a replacement for this set. I've had it for some time now and my biggest complaint is how inconstant the keyboard works. My keyboard is positioned on average no more than 3 ft away from the receiver but it seems like at least one time per use the keyboard just doesn't sync up. I'll have typed a whole sentence, wait, nothing happens, then move the keyboard a few inches closer to the receiver then everything I've typed comes flying on. It gets pretty annoying after a while and really doesn't make much sense because I can stand at the other side of the room and type just fine. Another complaint I have is that there is nothing to indicate power, I've replaced the batteries numerous times thinking its dying because it's acting up but new batteries don't seem to fix the connectivity issues. On the other hand I have no complaints with the mouse. I usually watch tv from by bed which is probably a good 10ft away from the receiver and have never had any problems with the mouse failing, it works on a surprising amount of surface types. Bottom line: Save up for a better set, always read customer review before you buy something. Personally I think I'm going to upgrade to the MX5500
The slight curve design has alleviated a great deal of pain on my wrists and the shortcut keys are great for fast access to the email, web, etc. This is my third MS Comfort Curve 2000 series keyboard.  All the keys are designed very cheaply and will not take a great deal of repeated use, especially if you are heavy handed.  The enter key on the two previous keyboards has been destroyed due to repeated use.  The remaining keys do not receive the repeated pounding and have held up.  Another downside is it will not work with a USB -> PS/2 adapter. At the time, this was the only keyboard one the market that had the slight curve I desired and the main reason I purchased two after the original even with the inherent key design flaw.  Recent research indicates Logitech has a similar keyboard that cost more, but may be more reliable.  I will need to try it out. Pros:  Gently natural curve, inexpensive, good for light use Cons:  Keys will not take heavy handed or a great deal of usage (enter key); will not work with USB-PS/2 adapter. My suggestion would to spend more money for a product from a different manufacturer that may be more reliable.
I've been using this set for about 2 months. Comparing with my previous one, which is also logitech, the keys in this keyboard are a bit small and harder to hit. May just require some time to get used to. The wireless mouse sometimes doesn't register (not very often and only last about several seconds), our desktop unit and the keyboard set are within 3 feet from each other.  Overall good value for the price.
When I received the keyboard, it was, indeed, stunning looking and feels really comfortable to type. In under 1 minute, I noticed that the Space-bar keeps getting stuck and repeating itself until I hit hard again. Without a working Space-bar, the keyboard is useless, no matter how comfortable it may be. So, I contacted Microsoft Support. Yes, the immediately created an order  for a replacement. That was nice. After 2 weeks, nothing happened. So, I tried to chase down the Support personnel and there was no response. I created another trouble-ticket and they claimed that their system is having technical issues. Oh well, I guess I am just out of luck. Bad keyboard, broken Microsoft Support Tracking System, what more do I need to make my day. I am spending too much time on this broken keyboard. Don't bother considering this keyboard. There seemed to be a design flaw in the space-bar. I am not the only talking about this issue in this site.
This is a perfectly serviceable key board. Plugs in and and works as it should. The curve and the size of some of the keys, however, make it not optimal for the small-handed, such as myself. I make more typos that usual, and I don't particularly feel any ergonomic/comfort advantage.
Alt-f4 doesn't work because Microsoft remapped the keys on this keyboard so the keyboard's shortcuts don't work the same way as the Windows operating system.
I just revived this in the mail 20 minutes ago and like it but have found some things I do not like about it. I made the mistake of buying a Bluetooth dongle because I did not know it cam with one. But I think I will be sending this back because of the bugs I have found with it. pros: works fine comes with Bluetooth dongle. i did no know so i bought one easy to use 30ft range comes with mouse and right and left click buttons cons: light weight feels cheep with the mouse pad in the way it slows down your typing speed you need to hold down the shift key to shift
This keyboard works great for my home theatre pc.  Very convienent having track pad built-in. The reason I gave in only 3 stars is the fact I searched amazon for Bluetooth keyboard and this came up in search result.  I order it even though it did not say bluetooth in the description.  Sometimes info is left off.  Should have checked Logitechs website.  Other than that it is an awesome keyboard.  Well worth the money.
Bought the item thinking it was a perfect fit to my needs. The manufacturer also has a Bluetooth version but that actually has a far worse review than this - so stayed away from that. For my first purchase the item didn't work at all, even after charging it overnight. Windows 7 recognized the USB dongle as a Mini Keyboard, but the keyboard unit never connected to the dongle. Returned it cursing my luck and bought it again hoping my luck will change for the better. It did to some extent. The item did work for the first couple of days and then in the middle of its use the keyboard unit lost connection to the dongle and never recovered. Reboot, recharge, reconnect, trying on another computer all attempts failed. It looked good and worked good when it did but that was just a couple of days. Definitely cannot recommend till the manufacturer ([...]) fixes the connectivity issues.
I will make it clear off the bat, I have never used this set any closer than 3-4 feet from my box. This does not, however, seem like an unreasonable distance. The Logitech MK320 has no problem handling at a full twenty-six feet from the box. Originally I had my computer set about five or six feet from my chair, because the HDMI extender I bought didn't allow me to set up my computer (which functions as both an HTPC and general use PC) by the desk. This wasn't a problem, but I would have been really annoyed if it had failed at that range. Then I tried it out from the far end of the room from my box and it worked fine. After finally setting up my box by my computer desk (about fifteen feet)everything still works great - except for the keyboard. It isn't that the keyboard doesn't work at all, mind, it just suffers a few second lag whenever you go to use it after it's been idle for more than a few minutes. This really isn't a problem for me, as I only use it when I am typing in URLs - and that rarely. I use a standard monitor, a plug-in keyboard and mouse, connected to the same computer, at my computer desk. I only use the MK320 as remotes for my tv. This set will probably become my desktop control for my laptop when I can actually afford a decent qwerty remote - at which point this lag - if it still happens within a much closer range, will probably annoy me a great deal more. All in all though, it does the job I bought it for. For how it fits my personal needs I could probably give it four. But I think the problem with the lag time is unacceptable - even if it isn't a big issue for me. The only reason I gave it the three stars is because the mouse is extremely responsive and works well on most surfaces. If this problem with the keyboard persists when I start using it with my laptop, at much closer range, I will definitely revise my review and my rating.
This is a very decent keyboard in most respects.  Keys are soft without being too spongy.  The space bar issues often complained about on here has not been an issue for me.  The problem is that the letters on each key rub away completely after just a few months.  I notice this happens to those who regularly use lotion and/or eat greasy chicken at their desks.  Most of the time, you don't need to see the key when touch typing but try it sometime without any visible letters.  It sucks.
I gave this product 4 days, and its crap. I bought this wireless entertainment keyboard for my computer that is hooked up to my television to purely move files around (mostly movies or music), navigate through sites to watch sports games or tv shows, etc. Every task I did with this product would take forever to complete things like drag and drop, log into my computer, type in web addresses, etc. The mouse moves at different speeds as your finger glides consistently through the pad - it was excruciating to get the mouse over an icon. To log into my computer, it would not register some entered keys. On almost every occasion I would have to hit one of my password characters twice and at same time double check the screen so I didn't miss type or type extra keys. The main function of this item is to type and move the mouse and it performs those simple tasks poorly. I was so frustrated with this item that I threw it away rather selling it to someone so I can save them the pain. I hate to write a poor review about a company's product, but this one deserves it.
I bought this keyboard because I have to do a lot of transcription and other typing, and I've begun to develop the beginnings of carpal tunnel. I wanted to use an ergonomic keyboard and try to mitigate the pain/wear and tear on my arm. First: I am a woman, and I have big hands. Still, it was VERY difficult to reach the upper keys, even after I got used to the split keyboard. Put simply, this keyboard is huge. After a very short time typing, I started experiencing just as much pain as I do on my MacBook, and this is entirely due, I think, to the largeness of this keyboard. This might not be an issue for a man with very large hands. Second: This keyboard is huge, clunky, and cheap! It takes up a LOT of space on the desk. The bottom has a tray of sorts that elevates it, and this tray is made of cheap plastic. It moves around and makes a little bit of noise. Third: Because I have to shift between a MacBook and this keyboard, a split keyboard isn't for me.
I've been using this keyboard for a while now, have had three (2 at home, one at work). I use it because I wanted a keyboard that has more of a laptop feel to the key, low travel and quiet - without clicky-di-clack sounds. Plus, I like the curved design, which is more ergonomic and easier on my wrists without having to learn touch-typing necessary for the fully split keyboards. I use some of the extra keys, for example, I use the sound volume and muting functions frequently, as well as the calculator button. Because I use a 4-key trackball, I have no use for the browsing keys. The major drawback is that quality, of course, is in-line with pricing: quite low. I already discarded one and replaced it due to failing keys. Occasional replacement is OK considering the price, but the space bar click (the only key that does it on the current keyboard) and its wobbely feel are rather annoying. For the quality drawbacks, I give it 3.5 stars overall rating. Still, a decent, semi-ergonomic keyboard with nice touch to (most) keys.
I have used this kind of keyboard for years and have used Microsoft the most. But this one by far is the most cheaply made. One of the shift keys sticks. And worst of all no invoice was sent with it so it could be very difficult to return or exchange.
I had one of these and sold it because of the key arrangements that are mentioned in other reviews.  If you like swearing a lot then this keyboard is for you!  If you are a touch typist then my advice is to stay away from this one and get a PRO version. The best advice is to test drive a new ergonomic keyboard at a computer store before buying it.
I love these keyboards, but they are cheap. I've had about 3 so far, and some have had failed keys (the ALT key sometimes is difficult to press). The most recent one has a very stiff spacebar - something that my other ones have not had. The other reviewers are right - if the spacebar comes stiff, it really sucks! So I'm hoping to find a better brand, with a similar shape. I do love the extra buttons - configure the Zoom button to switch tabs (using ControllerMate on Mac) and you have web browsing bliss!
sorry, but this is just a NO.  Even if you are comfortable using a cell phone and/or laptop and/or iPod, the use of the track pad (essential for some functions) is laborious and futile.  find another product....returned for refund.
This replaced a full size keyboard and mouse for a HTPC (Home Theater PC). Since I don't type much, I mostly use it as a mouse pointer. I sit about 13-14 feet from the receiver but the functional range is more like 10-12 feet otherwise it is erratic. The laser pointer is cool especially if you have a dog that likes to chase the light. The product arrive right away and was well packaged. Overall it works pretty good and I am happy with the purchase.
1. Pick up the keyboard. 2. Aim carefully at your computer and throw. You are much more likely to get a response this way.
If you only occasionally type, or you're a hunt-and-peck typist, then this keyboard would be an excellent choice for you.  The split keyboard takes some getting used to if you've never used one before, but once you have, you'll never want to go back to the regular square model. The keys on this keyboard are perfectly shaped to cradle your fingers, and the space bar works effortlessly without having to pound your thumb. The touch is light and wonderful, enabling you to type faster and easier than ever before.<p>But, if you are familiar with a keyboard and are a touch-typist, then you'll be greatly disappointed and/or frustrated with this Natural Keyboard Elite.  I agree with the other negative reviews regarding the smaller size and changed arrangement of the Insert/Home keys, and the smaller squished-together arrow keys.  To paraphrase a saying, they shouldn't have fixed something that ain't broke.  I use my keyboard 8 hours a day in my occupation as a medical transcriptionist.  I've been typing/keyboarding for 30+ years and my fingers know where the keys are supposed to be even if I can't remember.  So it is a great nuisance to have to constantly look down away from the monitor to see what key my finger is trying to reach.  I keep hitting the Home key when I intend to hit the Insert key, because that's the place the Insert key is supposed to be.  The newly sized and arranged directional arrows are impossible to correctly hit without first hitting every other key around them.  <p>It's been mentioned in prior reviews that the keyboard I'm looking for is the Natural Pro, so I guess I'll need to go for a "test drive" of that one.  And I'll be sure to bring along a map of the key placement I know and love so I won't make this mistake again.
Very disappointed.  Some letters must be pressed very hard. It is worse than the keyboard I replaced.  Very frustrating to use.
Does what it should. Trackpad isn't very sensitive but you get used to it. Loses it's connection sometimes if there is anything between it and the receiver (such as my coffee table). I think for the price it could defiantly be better, but it's not bad and I mostly like it. EDIT: After using this for a few more days I came to hate it. Unless the battery is fully charged the track pad has serious issues with skipping around and the sensitivity of it is terrible. Sometimes it misses keystrokes as well. The wireless range is terrible and it will not work if there is anything between you and the receiver, including your hand holding on the keyboard. I've since initiated a return on this item as it seems the built in battery will also no longer recharge after using it for a few days. Junk!
The space bar is much too stiff on this keyboard (especially on the right side).  After about 5 minutes of use, I decided to return it.  It also doesn't work well with macs despite the install package (which requires a restart).  Under the microsoft keyboard config utility, it claims that the function keys belong to Mac OS, but don't do anything.
I've owned this for about 7 months now and while I love the compact size the erratic behavior has become beyond annoying to the point that I've stopped using it.  As others have said the range is more like 10 feet.  I have used it at about 17 feet but it's quite a theatrical show holding it up, down, left, right or whatever it takes to get it to respond.  Typing can be quite a chore, you will be typing along and then certain keys just don't respond, not always the same key and quite sporadic to which one(s) it chooses.  This means that when your typing your forced to type a character, look at the screen, type another character, look at the screen and so on until you finally get it typed.  When a character doesn't respond you have to keep hitting the key until it finally acknowledges it.  Then theres the repeating character syndrome...you'll be typing when all of a sudden it takes off on a particular letterrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr until you hit the another key to get it to stop.  Hit the backspace to correct and it takes off in the other direction wiping out a good part of what you just typed. The trackpad works better but still has it's quirks.  For instance swiping to move the cursor it sometimes registers as a tap to click and picks up things and moves them without your intention.  I've moved folders inside of other folders because of this which can be a real pain because if your not paying close attention you may not realize what it picked up and moved and where it moved it to.  Navigating menus can also be a real pain because instead of scrolling down the menu to pick the selection you want it suddenly "taps" on another selection.  I guess in a nutshell the touchpad is too sensitive. This could be a great little keyboard but it definitely needs some work.
before i write this scathing review it should be noted that i am a tech head... and 99 times out of 100 i can make something work and you will never hear about it... i simply don't have the time to get involved.or maybe because i am such a tech head...its not worth my time... i hardly ever write reviews good or bad.. but this one product really chapped my hide... based on all the reviews i read i thought this would be exactly what i was looking for....i was wrong, the product came in a very nice box, the cd would not load or be recognized... thats ok cause i already have bluetooth... wrong again device not recognized.. there are no instructions included for any os later than 2007... so even though amazon claims this device works on windows 7, it does not.. . there are no phone numbers, email addresses or even forum support info in the users manual.. it is pretty and sleek and everything i always wanted... if it would just work. total waste of time and money!
As a skilled touch typist accustomed to the standard keyboard layout, I was surprised and disappointed to discover that this keyboard forces you to use your left hand to reach the "6" key. Microsoft decided to make the "7" key twice as wide, and move the "6" key to the left side of the split layout -- where the right hand cannot reach it. This to me is a fatal flaw. If you don't touch type the numbers, maybe it won't bother you -- but if do, or if you share the keyboard with others, they might find themselves mistakenly typing "7" when they meant to type "6". I did this a few times already, but I'll be replacing this keyboard with something better as soon as possible.
I liked: 1. Size - it is small and compact and thin. 2. Unifying software, 'nuff said. 3. Trackpad - it's very nice to be able to sit back on the couch and not need to worry about a mouse while browsing Netflix, etc. Multitouch is a big plus. 4. There is a mouse-click button on the top left of the keyboard so you can worry about tracking with the right hand and do the clicking with the left. Didn't like: 1. Size - it's almost too small, and I found that having at least something to rest your wrist on (like with the K800) was important to be able to use the keyboard comfortably. The layout is compact, obviously, and particularly the location of the right shift key (the only one I use, apparently) is nonstandard and would screw me up. 2. Keys not illuminated. Hard to see what you're doing in low light. 3. Trackpad - the buttons have a soft click to them, and the texture is mottled and just wasn't super comfortable for me.
Got this out of the box, used it two hours and one of the ZERO keys stops working.  When will greedy business owners figure out that exploiting Chinese factory slaves is no way to make decent products?  This is going back to Amazon tomorrow.
I've been using these for many years but the copy I bought today was returned in favor of a Logitech product. The key press on the new one had a kind of raspy quality and the pressure for the space bar is noticeably higher, which makes it hard to get used to working with it. I won't buy any more. (I already have 3 in use.) Look for an older one in a thrift shop if you really want MS- I got one for $2 that works fine.
I love the curve but the arrow key arrangement is akward.  The inverted "T" is much easier to use.
I bought this keyboard as a replacement for my dying Logitech S510 keyboard/mouse combo, which definitely served its useful lifetime (8+ years of HEAVY use). I expected the MK320 combo to be decent, and I guess it's okay, but after less than two weeks of use I ended up returning it. First of all, both the MK320 mouse and keyboard feel cheap. The keyboard is so light/flimsy and the keys are clunky feeling. Also, there is no way of having indication of when caps/scroll lock/numlock keys are on/off, which is stupid because my very old S510 told me on-screen through the SetPoint software- which **should** work with this combo also, but it doesn't. The mouse is also equally cheap-feeling and is much smaller than I expected it to be. Not a Unifying receiver, so since I hated the mouse from Day 1 I had to use the MK320 receiver AND a Unifying receiver so I could use my laptop mouse (M505). So already I felt like I wasted my money. SetPoint recognizes Unifying stuff with no problem, but not the MK320 combo. So if you get this then forget having any extra adjustments or on-screen displays for volume, lock keys, etc... I will say neither the kbd or mouse ever missed a keystroke or click, but most any keyboard can do that. I ended up swapping my MK320 set for the MUCH-BETTER MK520 set, which looks to me like a direct upgrade of my old S510 keyboard/mouse. Those who are considering buying the MK320 should seriously consider spending slightly more and getting the MK520 instead. The MK520 actually feels like a Logitech product.
This keyboard is horrible for people with repetitive stress injuries because the keys are so hard to depress. I'm not sure what the manufacturer was thinking (maybe harder to push keys give the illusion of sturdiness) but it is irritating for wrists that are already prone to inflammation. I've used other keyboards in the past with greater success. I only chucked my last keyboard because it stopped functioning, but when it did work, it was great.
For anyone with an HTPC, this is perfect for your needs.  Good range (much more then my wireless mouse/keyboard), ease of use, and it is no bigger then any of my other remotes.  I can see why some people rated this 5 stars, when it works, it definitely matches your needs. The problem is the construction.  It sub-par to say the least.  They used cheap materials with almost no quality control.  I am on my second unit, and I am about to send this one back.  The first one they sent would not pair with the dongle.  3 different computers with 2 different OS's, and nothing.  So I returned it (I must say, Amazon's return policy is amazing).  So now I am on my second unit, and it works great.  The range is perfect, and it does what I need it to do.  Luckily, it came with a full charge because I would have no idea if this product worked or not because it will not charge.  The charging port is loose in the case, and when I plug it in, nothing happens.  Once it died, it was dead.  Now I can see why some people gave this 1 star. I am going for a 3rd try.  From the reviews, they must get it right eventually.  This will be my last attempt.  If it doesn't work, my only hope is that some reputable company comes up with the same design and builds it properly, although I doubt at the same price.
If you only occasionally type, or you're a hunt-and-peck typist, then this keyboard would be an excellent choice for you.  The split keyboard takes some getting used to if you've never used one before, but once you have, you'll never want to go back to the regular square model. The keys on this keyboard are perfectly shaped to cradle your fingers, and the space bar works effortlessly without having to pound your thumb. The touch is light and wonderful, enabling you to type faster and easier than ever before.<p>But, if you are familiar with a keyboard and are a touch-typist, then you'll be greatly disappointed and/or frustrated with this Natural Keyboard Elite.  I agree with the other negative reviews regarding the smaller size and changed arrangement of the Insert/Home keys, and the smaller squished-together arrow keys.  To paraphrase a saying, they shouldn't have fixed something that ain't broke.  I use my keyboard 8 hours a day in my occupation as a medical transcriptionist.  I've been typing/keyboarding for 30+ years and my fingers know where the keys are supposed to be even if I can't remember.  So it is a great nuisance to have to constantly look down away from the monitor to see what key my finger is trying to reach.  I keep hitting the Home key when I intend to hit the Insert key, because that's the place the Insert key is supposed to be.  The newly sized and arranged directional arrows are impossible to correctly hit without first hitting every other key around them.  <p>It's been mentioned in prior reviews that the keyboard I'm looking for is the Natural Pro, so I guess I'll need to go for a "test drive" of that one.  And I'll be sure to bring along a map of the key placement I know and love so I won't make this mistake again.
The keyboard uses 2 AAA batteries and the mouse, 1 AA battery. The receiver/sender unit is a nice small USB dongle that fit inconspicuously at the rear of my desktop. It works as expected. I got into my BIOS with no problems and once the machine booted into Windows XP, the drivers installed automatically and both Keyboard and mouse was ready to go. I was glad for the function keys, since this is replacing one of those wired Dell multimedia keyboards with the round volume control knobs (which I really liked). Same functionality on this baby, but the volume control knobs are flat. There are also buttons for: mute, play, pause, skip fwd, skip rev, show desktop, launch multimedia player, Open/Go to Web Browser's home page, Launch e-mail program and Switch program (like the Alt + Tab combo). 6 additional functions are also provided using combination of the FN key and some of the other buttons. These are: Open Search window, Lock PC, open Explorer, Power off, Open Context Menus, and Toggle Scroll Lock. The mouse is light and works extremely well. My old mouse sometimes had problems tracking on my plastic tablecloth. No such issue with this fella. I've got a wireless card in my machine which runs at 2.4 Ghz, the same frequency as this Keyboard/mouse combo. There hasn't been any interference with the performance of either piece of equipment so far. A really nice touch is the ability to switch the keyboard and mouse on/off. This can help conserve energy in cases where the units are not in use or in cases where the buttons may be inadvertently pressed e.g. while in transport. Now for the bad: There are no LED indicators on the keyboard. Call me old fashioned, but I've always found the CAPS LOCK indicator a welcome convenience especially when entering passwords. But more than that, this is a battery powered keyboard isn't it? Wouldn't it make sense to have at least one LED which indicates power or battery life? Geez Logitech. The keyboard looks and feels cheap. It's so flimsy, I can easily twist it with both hands. The keys themselves are hard plastic but they feel mushy when pressed. The mouse feels solid enough though. I also don't like the layout of some of the keys. They've removed the scroll lock and moved the insert key into it's place. In so doing they've integrated the scroll lock functionality into the Pause/Break key as described above. Then, they've elongated the delete key to fill the void left by the relocated insert key. There's also no hand-rest, so typing is a little hard on the wrist. I got this as a Christmas gift so I appreciate it. But at thirty bucks, I wouldn't rush to buy it.
This keyboard, out of the box, did not charge or function. I am very surprised that I have been unable to return it to the seller. Very big disappointment as I cannot replace this keyboard or move on to another product.
This keyboard did not come in the same as what is described in the pictures.  The keys are glossy and hard, compared to what is shown here.  I believe the pictures are of the Bluetooth version, compared to the RF that is on sale via Amazon.  Regardless, the keys are very difficult to type on compared to the T-Mobile G2 keyboard that I'm used using on a daily basis. Additionally, the trackpad is garbage and hard to use on a Windows 7 environment.  It's sluggish and at times does things you don't want it to. It's really a shame, as Favi could do very well in the HTPC keyboard market if they put a little care in their keyboard design using HTC examples, in addition to replacing the crap-o-la trackpad with an optical-pad (again found on the G2 phone).  This keyboard is small and compliments my other remote controls nicely, but the main functions are just not there.
Well sir ... this keyboard was a lot smaller than I expected.  In fact I thought it would be a full size keyboard.  It's about the same size as a keyboard on a laptop.  I tried using the built in mouse, but I missed the features of the wheel scroll and the forward and back page buttons so I bought a mouse to go along with it.  Has nice smooth key actions, and is easy on the batteries.  A few helper keys like mute for your sound and a home key.  For what I got, I feel the keyboard is a bit over price, even though it functions well.  It also take a while to get use to the smaller keys like the shift and the backspace.  All in all so far it has been a good product.
As others have mentioned, this keyboard is excellent in all ways but one - the spacebar. The keys themsleves have a great tactile feel and are very quiet - exaclty what I was looking for. However, the spacebar is massive (and not split in two as it should have been), with the actuator right in the middle. Unfortunately, when your hands are in the natural position your thumbs are at the far left and right of the spacebar. Not only do you have to push pretty hard to get it to go down, it also makes a REALLY LOUD clicking noise because you're actually forcing the actuator down at an angle. If they redesign this with a split spacebar I would LOVE it!
This is not a bad wireless keyboard and mouse combo. But be aware, every time you don't use the keyboard for 5 or more minutes, the keyboard will be unresponsive for up to 30 seconds before establishing a connection. This is with a new battery. This is incredibly frustrating and caused me to smash this keyboard into pieces. I understand the need to save battery, but this is a terrible user experience to have to wait for the keyboard to "catch up" to my typing. I would not recommend this unless you had the patience of a saint.
The sticking spacebar makes this keyboard useless.  Oh, and some of the keys work intermittently.  In particular, the Y key only works about 50% of the time.  I've seen other reviews with these exact same problems so it's going back and I'll try a different model/brand.
This was a replacement keyboard. Best one I've found yet and will keep using it until I can't replace it anymore.
I've owned or used a total of four of these keyboards. The first worked great, but the second malfunctioned completely. Any time I would press certain keys (E, C, X, Enter, Delete), the thing would go haywire and press all kinds of random characters and cause general chaos in both my Windows XP and Mac OS X machines. I thought "hey, it's just a simple malfunction", so I contacted Microsoft, who promptly shipped me a new one. I then bought another one for my new job, but today the same thing started happening as the one that Microsoft replaced about a year ago: random characters are typed on the screen, programs are opened and closed, and general chaos ensues. I've contacted Microsoft again, but who knows if they'll replace the same product again for the same person, as it's been almost a year and they probably wonder why I'm bothering with this keyboard after it's caused me so much trouble. Honestly, the keyboard works like a charm, is quite comfortable, and has great functions until it STOPS WORKING. If you buy this, don't be surprised if one day, with no warning, it goes haywire and becomes completely useless. With both of these that malfunctioned, I tried using them on different machines, tried uninstalling and replacing the IntelliType software, tried cleaning them, and the only thing that worked was to just unplug them and use a different keyboard (even though I felt like tossing them out the window.) So my advice? DO NOT BUY THIS KEYBOARD unless you want an unpleasant surprise one day, possibly when you're working on something very important.
The spacebar renders this keyboard unusable. It's clunky, it sticks, you have to really "thwack" it with your thumb to type a space. A shame, since the rest of the keyboard is fine: comfortable, good wrist support, excellent height. I'm not sure how the spacebar made it past quality testing. The obvious fix is to improve the design with a split (two piece) spacebar.
Using the most recent Intellitype 8.0 mouse and keyboard drivers on OS X Snow Leopard, my system would crash (Kernel Panic!) almost daily. It always happened when I would press a key (such as the arrow keys) in rapid succession.  I could never reproduce the error at will, but when it did happen it was obviously frustrating since I'd lose everything I had running at that time.  Deactivating the drivers would not help. After my system froze for the third time in a single day, I completely uninstalled all of the MS Intellitype software and haven't had a problem since.  Only downside is I don't get to use the functionality of the extra keyboard/mouse buttons, but so far the trade off is worth it. I love the keyboard otherwise, I had the previous Natural keyboard for 15 years and hope to keep this one just as long.
So my Mac keyboard broke and I decided to try a feature rich keyboard.  I'd never tried ergonomic and it has all sorts of extra buttons and nobbs. The keyboard is huge.  The ergonomics starting breaking me of bad typing habits quickly.  It also feels much better.  I think my next keyboard with be ergonomic that's a huge plus.  The ability to have 6 apps as favorites works and works well with spaces.  All buttons are reprogrammable so for example I changed the calculator button from the default to pcalc.  The zoom feature worked with Safari but not Chrome as a built in. As an aside the driver by default installs the mouse and keyboard driver and you only need one.  They are come with an easy to use uninstaller.  I loved this keyboard and would have given it a glowing review but there is one really bad problem which is why its back in the box: As of when I'm writing this review the driver causes kernel panics.  These happen intermittently essentially 10 hours of solid usage per,  but I don't want them at all.  I'll update this review if Microsoft releases a new driver.
I see so many positive reviews of this keyboard. Got mine from Cyberpower along with PC.  VERY unreliable keyboard!  I have tried every adjustment I can find, even moving the USB receiver right to the front of my computer so it's only two feet from the keyboard - same issue.  Just stops working for up to a minute at a time. Sometimes it will then play catch up.  Often just starts up again.  No telling when it will happen. I've looked for driver updates, you name it.  So much for the "power of 2.4 ghz" connection, eh?
Everything is what you can expect after reading the product description. Compact, ergonomic (considering the nature of the artifact). Easy to install and use. It has really cool features. However... the mouse is a little difficult to use. It moves veeeery slow and some times it doesn't move at all. I'll keep it because I only use it for internet and movies when my PC ys connected to my tv. If you are planning to use this to game... Don't buy it
it worked great for a while but then the keys stopped working for some reason, however the keyboard is very comfortable to use, just don't save up your money for this.
This unit has the same problem as other MS Ergo boards:  The split on the upper number row is in the wrong place, according to how I was taught to type.  I was taught to use the right index finger to type the number 6 in the upper row, but this board wants me to use the left.  If I were doing a lot of typing with numbers, as I have in the past, this would drive me crazy.  Most of the heavy entry I've done has been mixed alpha-num, and I'm relatively fast at it. If MS had just put either a bridging key, or two 6 keys (one on each side) up there, it would make a world of difference!
I'm largely happy with this keyboard but will note several caveats: * The media keys do not provide next/previous track keys * The elevating skirt to raise the front edge of the keyboard is awkward to add/remove and is cheaply constructed * The keys are quite responsive but are a bit louder than I think they need to be, particularly the spacebar Ergonomically this is the most comfortable keyboard I've ever used. The construction (other than the elevating skirt) is pretty solid and I expect this keyboard to last a long time.
I bought this keyboard in hopes to have a replacement to the old natural that had the usb plugs in the back.  Luckily i was able to find a few of those discontinued keyboards, they are the best keyboards ever.  Anyway, Okay keyboard but it is BIG.  I really miss the windows key not being located on the right side of the keyboard and only on the left.
I bought this keyboard just a week ago, thinking that what the other reviewers were saying about the keys being too hard to press was an exageration. It is NOT! The N key is specially hard to press, and sometimes you'll press it and it won't type the letter until you press really hard. This simple flaw makes every other good thing on the keyboard insignificant because for a person who knows how to type without looking at the keyboard (my case) this is very distracting and counter-productive. I am a graduate student and don't have the time or patience to deal with this. I am therefore considering returning the product and getting another brand all together. I have never had a bad experience with Microsoft keyboards (I own the previous Natural Ergonomic version, and it is excellent) but this is really unacceptable. The CAPS LOCK key was also malfunctioning today. I would have it deselected and my text was coming out all caps anyway. Overall if you are a heavy-handed typer you might not even notice this N key flaw, but if you are like me you'll hate it. Another flaw i am just discovering today
First off, Range is horrible and that is why I have returned the device.  My couch is about 8-9 feet from the TV and Media Center PC which the device was purchased to control.  In order to get the Rii mini to respond, I would have to lean forward in the couch because I was at the very edge of the operating range.  I mapped it out and the max range in which the remote responds reliably is about 8 feet.  Anything more (and I mean an inch or two) and the device is eratic and unresponsive.  I needed a 10 feet range and this product couldnt deliver it (which is very sad). In addition, I received no charge indication when I plugged it into the USB port.  I had no idea if it was charging or when it was done charging as no lights would come on. On a plus note, the device worked great when it was in range.  Build quality felt decent and it worked well for the price.  I wish I could have kept it because it really offered everything I needed without having to pay $100 for a Logitech Dinova.  Why couldnt they get a decent usable range out of this???  Is 10 feet too much to ask for? Lastly, I cannot comment on long term durability as I returned the device after a few weeks of use (or should I say non-use) due to the range issue.
I didn't care for the size of the keyboard. especially since I have big hands. It was small and portable, but thats all I really have to say for this keyboard.
Most the time it works at ten feet but sometimes has to be reset. The typing works fine for internet but should have a scroll key/wheel for internet. The touch pad does the job but the right and left click should be on the left side, not by the touch pad.
The ad. says 33 feet(10 meters) distance. NO! I just want to do it from the sofa side table to the TV, 6 feet away. But after about 4-5 feet, the keyboard starts to freeze and slow. NOT GOOD!Will return.
I'm using this keyb0ard and as y0u can see the letter "0" d0esnt w0rk. I'm using the zer0 because it's the cl0sest letter. N0t 0nly the letter "0" but many 0thers d0esnt w0rk! characters "f" "," "5" "0" are als0 n0t w0rking. Im c0py/pasting these characters.
Great little keyboard but just a few points to note: * The included USB RF receiver which plugs into the PC needs to be at the front of the PC or on a USB extention cable to get the best reception. * The mouse buttons are in the wrong place. If you hold the keyboard using 2 hands then you have to slide your left hand over to the right-side of the keyboard to get to the mouse buttons. * Just a bit small for me. I would have preferred something about 20% larger, but each-to-their-own I suppose. Other than the above, I love the little beast. It does everything the standard keyboard and mouse does and even has a backlight and laser pointer to boost!
Im typing this on the K400 keyboard. I still have connected my other keyboard via usb a k300. this one feels kind of weird as if he keys are kind of sharp. the touchpad works great although i havent figured out (or even read the manual... sheesh who does that) how to scroll and zoom. it feels very light and im missing the number keypad but i guess ill have to get used to that. i had to download the setpoint suite as the device wouldnt be recognized by the wireless unified adapter i guess thats because i already have a trackball mouse m570 connected via that adapter. so once i downloaded it and then proceeded to add the new keyboard it worked fine. another thing im missing is a LED indicator so i can check the battery status but i guess that would take off some battery power. nice work logitech.
Keyboard needs a little time to get use to. The right button on the upper left corner need to be larger for ease of use. The contact feel is poor, sometimes you need to press a couple times just to make sure. Almost want to return it but I guess you can't expect too much from a cheap product.
I bought this keyboard to use with my new laptop. For the first month, it seemed to work fine. I like the quite keys, and I have not experienced the "stiffness" that others have complained about. However, after about a month, the function keys (F1 - F12) stopped working. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling the driver, and everything else I can find on the web, but to no avail.
I really wanted to like this keyboard.  I type a lot and I have an older Natural Keyboard Pro which I was ready to upgrade.  I saw this and figured it was a sure bet since I do like the split ergonomic keyboards. I had this keyboard for one evening and it was enough to make me send it back.  As some of the other low reviews have stated, the space bar on this keyboard has problems.  The length makes it such that if you push with one thumb too far to the edges, the key will stick, making it difficult to press and messing you up.  Some people have had luck with modifying the key a bit (ie taking it off and messing with the bar underneath), but this wasn't working for me. So, unless you have a long thumb that can push closer to the center or always press the space bar with both thumbs, this keyboard might not work well for you.  I tend to favor my right thumb a lot, so this was definitely not working. On a positive note, when not typing, the keyboard was very comfortable with a soft wrist rest and riser underneath to get your wrist in a good position.  Obviously though, if I can't type with it what's the point?  I was looking forward to using this one, but considering it looks like the 7000 also has this problem, I will likely have to start looking at other brands for my new keyboard.
Badly made,randomly types the same letter 500 times when you touch it with normal pressure
Nice form factor for the HTPC but my chief complaint is the touch pad is overly sensitive to "press" so you end up doing the equivalent of right-mouse-button clicking unintentionally.  Which means you have to recover, which wastes time.  Other than that it is pretty good.
I've had this product for about a week and plan on returning it.  It was working fine for the first week and it then started losing the connection between the device and the dongle.  I tried it on a few machines and noticed the same results.  When it did work, the touchpad took a while to get used to as it has a smaller surface area than a laptop touchpad (scrolling around on your PC at max resolution was a lot of work).  The range is not that great; about 10~15ft and you definitely notice the loss in response (the Lenovo N5901 got 5x+ the range than this device).  The backlight is nice - fairly bright.  Construction is not so great - very light and plastic. The plus features are that it's small and has a few extra buttons than other mini keyboards.
I use it about 4 meters (14 feets) from the computer and it doesn't work most of the time I have to point it to the screen. The trackpad is kinda useless and tiny for my large fingers. It was connected to a MacMini, I really wish it use bluetooth instead of RF.
You had to bang on each key to get the letter to type.  If you are at least a half fast typest , don't buy this ,  I had to buy another from HP
I bought this keyboard awhile back for my computer in my bedroom it was great for a few weeks then the dongle stopped working all of a sudden i tried everything even trying it on my other computer still wont register tried changing the freqency still nothing found out this is a cheap knockoff on the real website there is a reset button on the dongle if u have connect issues this one has nothing on it come on Amazon y'all beat me out of my $28
I purchased several of these for business, maybe around a dozen. They are excellent in feel, and superior in use but not prolonged in their durability. I have been using older microsoft ergo keyboards for years without issues, but these ones seem to have a few issues the buyer should be aware of: *The lettering on the keys WILL wear off and do so FAST. We have multiple employees who have used white out to draw on missing letters. I do NOT have this issue with ANYONE else unless the keyboard is VERY old. *The larger keys tend to lose their ability to stay properly centered. This causes keys that feel wobbly and rock side to side slightly, and it can be quite annoying. The spacebar in particular becomes very loud as a result of this. *2 people have managed to pop a numpad key off that will not go back on, may or may not be product at fault.
I purchased this for my living room media computer which is 8 to 10 feet away tops. The keyboard works okay as long as i hold it relatively level to the pc. The mouse however performs poorly. Either it is hypersensitive and goes all over the place if it works at all.
I had always wanted an ergonomic keyboard.  When I found one that I liked at a good price, I bought it.  It has worked well for me, but after only six months, the lettering on 8 of the keys is wearing off!  I do a lot of typing, and yes, I do know the keyboard well enough to not have to look at the letters, but come on...that's poor craftsmanship.  I haven't had problems with the spacebar like many others have, though.  (I'm not typing this review on the keyboard.  I'm using my laptop.) The warranty from Microsoft said to return it to the store first.  I did not buy it from Amazon (maybe I should have).  I went to a local office supply store.  Well, they would not replace it.  Now I have the inconvenience of having to mail it back to Microsoft, paying for it myself, and waiting for a replacement.
EDIT: 3.5 stars 2nd purchase: left touchpad button much better, works most of the time, but still no comparison to Apple's or Synaptic's touchpads with which you pretty much forget you're using them at all because they are so perfectly ergonomic that they totally merge into one's work-flow. On this device you have to press the left-click button pretty firmly so that drag & drop or left-click & highlight work. The touchpad however is awesome in both, Windows and Mac OS, incl. two-finger scroll and tap-to-click. I LOVE that these functions are built-in on hardware level, not requiring any additional driver. I personally do not need all the other fancy functions some criticize that they're missing. The additional left-click button in the top left is a creative invention I sometime find myself using :) 1st purchase/ old comment: gosh, can the trackpad's left button pretty much be called (semi) defective? Click & drag is a PAIN, in both, Windows and OS X! I have to press the button *really* hard while one-finger dragging on the touchpad, otherwise the drag operation interrupts: a window drag stops, dragged content (files, folders etc.) drop .. *extremely* annoying!! When I use the top-left mouse button + the tp instead dragging works, so it's definitely that left trackpad key which is not good. I need that for intuitivity! The top-left key is an addition, which I simply don't always think of. Please feedback - did I receive a personal lemon, or is this just another amateurish wireless kb/tp combo? I might have to return it, depending on responses ..... thank you.
I've had this for about 2 weeks and now in the process of returning it. Overall its not bad, but I cant get around the device freezing up. I have to unplug the USB device to get it to work again. I've eliminated all other 2.4 ghz devices close by but to no resolution. The mouse pad is not as sensitive (accurate) as I had hoped and is frustrating sometimes. I'm ordering the Bluetooth model in hopes it will stay functioning longer than 10 minutes. But, I still have to say, as compared to other similar size keyboards, it is a deal. Keys are large enough even for men.
The keys are very noisy. I can not use the keyboard in very silent places because they think I'm hammering something. Also, I have to push very hard the keys and that causes me tired hands, especially the space bar key. I bought 2 and both have the same problem.
The status lights don't work - The drag and drop won't work - the auto shutoff for the backlighting does not work - the range is 3 feet up to 9 if I place the dongle and hold the keyboard just right - the backlighting is uneven behind the keys - not all keys make good contact - and those are just preliminary observations - the inept lack of ergonomics makes it seem like it was built by a committee of hair-brained wannabe sub-nerds - I took the chance and lost
Work fairly well when I was setting up my htpc system (1'-3'away from FRONT mounted RF/USB dongle). Would occasionally not respond or respond slowly. No real scroll function (page-up & page-down button would only work intermitantly). When I setup my system in the livingroom, it wouldn't work at all from the couch (10'-11' away). Working range ended up being about 4'-6' max. Batteries were fully charged and the dongle was on the front of the unit with a completely unobstructed view. Customer service and website were virtually useless. Returned it thanks to Amazon's awesome return policy. Still looking for a replacement.
It works reasonably well.  The signal reaches a fair distance but, it does lose its connection now and then (as mentioned elsewhere) and you have to click a few times and wait for it to reconnect. I believe it may be hibernating with non-use and thus losing connection. Materials and buttons do feel a little cheap. As mentioned in another review, the placement of the "right and left click buttons" is a major flaw. It would simply be better if the click buttons weren't on the same side as the touchpad so you could hold down the click button with one hand and use the touchpad with the other hand for situations requiring scrolling, dragging, or selecting multiple objects etc. That being said it does have a button that serves for just scrolling. I don't like it because, you have to wait on it while it scrolls whereas using the click button and the touchpad would be faster and more accurate. IMHO - it's just not as convenient or natural to use as it could be but, the price isn't unjustified for what it does.
I bought this to replace a MS ergonomic keyboard from 3 years ago that gave up the ghost. My previous keyboard had a solid feel and the keys were very responsive. This thing is cheap plastic junk. I broke off one of the "legs" just leaning on it the other day. The spacebar is half-responsive, and the tiny little function, arrow and page keys are a nightmare. Avoid this keyboard at all costs.
So the keyboard is one of my favorites.  So much in fact that I bought two of them, one for my desktop at home, and one for my workstation at work. Unfortunately, both in the past few weeks have started to "lose" keys or require that they be pressed for an inordinate amount of time to actually communicate with the controller in the keyboard to recognize :-/
I really regret that I brought this junk. I was deceived by its stylish look, and when I started using it, immediately I found that the cursor keys and the page up/down, home/end keys are so awkwardly placed, making the keyboard virtually useless in OS where you absolutely need those keys -- like Windows. I doubt if Microsoft has made this keyboard for UNIX users, those who are used to vi or Emacs, where you type Ctrl+F to move the cursor to the right, etc.
I bought this item as a convenient way to access media center on tv. I found it finicky and ultimately frustrating to use.
I bought two of these keyboards.  The first one I received, the delete key kept sticking and deleting a run of things in my documents.  Yikes!  So, since I had one of these in the past and enjoyed it for years, I returned this keyboard and ordered another one.  It too did not work properly.  I think they don't make things like they used to - my only explanation.  I don't know where to turn next as all the other ergonomic type keyboards are too big for my roll out tray on my desk.
This item is either misrepresented or the 2 I purchased are defective.  Either way, they would not work more than a couple feet from the PC.  I bought 2 -- one each for my bedroom and den. I wanted to use them as a remote control when watching videos on the internet from the comfort of my recliner -- across the room from the PC.  They didn't work for me.
Am I the only person this happens to? A 95 words/minute typist and author (i.e., "heavy user") I'm on my 5th or 6th keyboard - two of them supplied free from Microsoft after the major-use letters rubbed off within a few months of use. (They cut me off after two, though.) All their "Help" people claimed they never heard of such a thing, but in my experience every keyboard has the same flaw.  In the past, I even tried painting clear nail polish on the keys to protect them, but that didn't help much. I bought a 4000 in December,and now, less than eight months later, I can't see five letter keys or the period, and some of the other letters are shrinking as parts of them disappear.  Although I'm a touch-typist, sometimes when I'm tired it helps to have visible characters.  And it's really annoying. So I gave up just now and ordered yet another one.  This is a maddening problem to have in an otherwise-perfect keyboard.  Is it just planned obsolescence on Microsoft's part?
Paid $24.99 for the MK320. I got what I paid for a poor keyboard. Maybe,the mouse is worth $24.99? The keys are very slick and my fingers slid all over the keyboard. There is no wrist rest, so I improvised and still had issues. I have never made so many typo errors. After using the keyboard for a couple of days, I decided to return it and spend a few extra dollars for a different model.  On the upside, Amazon makes it very easy to return an item. I ordered the "Logitech Wireless Illuminated Keyboard K800" hope it is a big improvement. Also, the "K800" list price was $99.99...I paid $59.99 and Micro Center's price was $119.99
Why oh why do manufacturers feel the need to change something that's been established as a defacto standard??  In this case the arrow keys are not in their normal positions.  Not only that, they keys for the arrow keys are smaller - maybe only 75% of the size of the other keys.  If you're at all like me and use the arrow keys extensively, this is NOT the keyboard for you.  It really annoys me too - there's plenty of room there to put them in their normal places and make them normal sizes, but no - Microsoft had to go and screw it up.
How is this spacebar possible? This keyboard is hardly usable. Don't buy this unless you're looking for strength training for your thumbs. I'm sorry, what? I couldn't hear you over this noisy spacebar. I would write more, but my thumbs need a break.
I bought this from clearance monster used.  It arrived with a note inside stating there were no batteries and no manual but it does not illuminate so I am highly disappointed; ok I understand it's used but the paper work inside never said anything about it not working and I feel you folks ripped me off besides the fact that when it arrived the inside of the box and some of the contents looked like it was thrown around and not properly packed NOT HAPPY that I still need to turn on a light at night and was the sole purpose of buying.
It's a comfortable keyboard to use, and the extras like the volume buttons and other shortcut keys are nice, but the workmanship and quality is just lousy.  It often misses the 'i' key when I'm typing which is quite annoying.  Yesterday my escape key stopped working all night until it magically started working again this morning. I have also had problems with a recent Microsoft mouse that I bought, which they replaced for free after 6 months when I called them and complained, but the replacement lasted only another 6 months. I love MS's ergonomic designs for their mice, keyboards, and gaming devices, but they really need to get some quality control if they want to keep their reputation in this market segment.
Just writing this review is, in fact, causing me great distress. I purchased this product from radioshack, thinking that having a keyboard and mouse in one receiver would be incredible.  However, every 30 seconds or so, the keyboard freezes for 20-40 seconds, after which it creates a delayed and fragmented version of what you were trying to write.  I will be returning this immediately.  Do not waste your time.  I have no idea why this has relatively decent reviews.  Just check out the logitech forum page [...]
I got this for my HTPC. My initial impression is that the keyboard seems pretty well constructed and cute. The typing and touchpad are all functional. I have never used a blackberry before so I found typing highly annoying on this device. Also, the surface area of the touch pad is rather small so it was hard for me to scroll. My biggest qualm with this device is that it does not wake up my macbook connected to my HD TV, which means that every time I want to switch from cable to PC, I have to walk over to my macbook to wake it up from standby mode, which defeats the purpose of getting a pocket size keyboard that I put on my coffee table. This was the breaking point so I ended up returning this item back to Amazon.
Unless the quality of the contact points for the m and i keys is just abysmal, I have to stab both hard to get them to work, even with the keyboard new. :( Add to that the keyboard wasn't in a MICROSOFT box, but in an aftermarket one full of bubblewrap, and I think it might be refurbished. :p
A keyboard is a keyboard is a keyboard. What really pisses me off about this keyboard is the fact that it does not have one of the simplest and most necessary features of any keyboard; no indicator on the CAPSLOCK button. Trivial, yet very necessary.Sucks big time when typing a password, and you don't know if the capslock is on or not. For this I give it a one star.
I am returning this keyboard. Product: Microsoft natural ergonomic keyboard 4000 - advanced ergonomic design Model:1048 Reasons: 1. It is not ergonomic design by any means 2. spacebar is hard to press when you actually type . 3. your fingers/wrist might experience pain if you use this; It happened to me. you wont understand what i say if you simply try this keyboard in stores. you actually need to type a document using this and u will know why the keys make it hard to type. it is amount of pressure needed to type a key is different when u press them individually vs while typing a document when all fingers are in use.- Don't know which ergonomic evaluator approved such wiered keyboard. I would give it ZERO stars if I could. Suggestsions for Microsoft: 1. split the space bar into two buttons to atleast make this keyboard usable. 2. reduce finger pressure required to press all keys specifically spacebar. 3. increase the size of enter button. and reduce size of most keys.
Ok so I pull my new Rii mini out of the package and something is rattling around inside of it, bad start.  The USB dongle was recognized and drivers were installed.  Powered on the keyboard and the only thing it did was the backlight would flash on for 5 seconds and then off for 2 over and over and over.  It wasn't worth my time or money returning it so I opened it up.  The battery was not taped down inside and was flopping about inside the case.  I guess the guy on the assembly line who is supposed to stick it to the PCB was in the head when this one came down the line.  I also noticed that they thought it would be a good idea to short the RF crystal leads together so it would never connect to the dongle.  I managed to untwist them and pry them apart without breaking anything and Bam! I had a working Rii Mini.  It seems to work fairly decent, range is ok.  It will do fine for my HTPC.  Oh and I didn't notice it at first but mine is missing an O key, I have 2 P keys though so if anyone has my O and would like their P back I'm willing to make a trade.
I have not had any problems with performance but the feel is not that great and several letters have worn off so that I can't see them. The "A", "S", "N", "L" keys. I think I'll get a little better quality product the next time.
My experience parallels a previous review. I also used the older Microsoft Natural keyboard (now the Natural Pro) and it relieved my persistent pain. When I accidentally killed my keyboard, I ordered the Elite model without thinking. Within a few days I was desperate enough to go back to a conventional keyboard. The arrangement of the Home/Page Up/Page Dn/End/Delete/Insert and arrow keys may allow the keyboard to fit in trays, but otherwise it is insane. I never realized how much I use those keys until I was swearing at this keyboard. The arrows keys are nearly impossible to use, especially for gaming. Unless you truly need the keyboard to fit in a tray, please stay away from this annoying, frustrating, and unusable keyboard.
This keyboard is compatible with Mac OS X, but the drivers are poorly written, and it is difficult to customise the buttons on the keyboard (the drivers will not even allow you to customise some buttons at all). Moreover, the "zoom" feature only works marginally. Also, it lacks any USB ports, which usually come standard on keyboards for the Mac (to plug mice into, for example). Besides these problems, it is a very comfortable keyboard, typing on it is actually an enjoyable experience. So in conclusion, the actual typing part of the keyboard is very good, but all of the periphery things it has are problematic.
I was excited about the potential for this mini-keyboard as a flexible input device for my Windows 7 HTPC, primarily to run Windows Media Center (with Ceton CableCard) and the occasional web browsing and music playing. But my two week experience was ultimately frustrating. Here's my thoughts: PROS * The size is just about right. * Range seemed acceptable--was using it at about 7-9 foot range. * Never lost a charge while I was using it, though I did occasionally plug it in CONS * Design: Let's just say this device was not usability tested before it went to manufacturing. The plastic is slippery, not grippy. The trackpad location would be OK if the mouse buttons were on the opposite end. Instead, they are right below the trackpad, which significantly slows down the speed at which you can perform move/click operations and makes dragging virtually impossible. The keyboard is not staggered as a typical keyboard--this presented some problems that I could never quite adjust to, and the Control, Escape and Return keys are all moved in odd positions. There are no dedicated Media Center buttons, but rather Function keys that are assigned to Media Center commands like fast forward. That's right, you have to hit Function and then the key for fast forward, every time you want to perform this command. The D-pad below the trackpad is nice for navigating WMC menus, but would be a heck of a lot more useful with a dedicated Enter button in the middle. As it stands now, you have to click Enter on the keyboard after you have picked your selection with the D-pad. The spacebar has two buttons beneath it, but you have to click at just the right point to register a click... Very frustrating. * Performance: My main gripe with this, as other reviews have noted, is the glitchy performance when waking from sleep mode. It takes a completely random amount of button presses to get the device to wake from sleep--between one click and ten clicks. And the backlight? That will also turn on randomly. Sometimes it will illuminate upon the first click, other times it will never illuminate after 30 clicks. There is a dedicated backlight button at the top left (where Escape should be), but why should I have to press this each time? The trackpad is not the kind you are used to on your laptop--it seems overly sensitive or under-sensitive. Couldn't find the sweet spot, and I did turn off Mouse Acceleration to no avail. * Failure: At about the two week mark, the trackpad finally failed me. I would scroll, and as soon as I released my finger the pointer would bounce back to its original position. It's time to RMA, and I can't say I'm disappointed to be doing this. I'm replacing this with a Cideko Air Keyboard purchased off Fleabay for just ten dollars more than this... Hoping to have a much better experience, and from a design standpoint I know the Cideko is miles beyond the Rii. Look elsewhere if you are even remotely thinking about using this for MCE.
OK keyboard.  But didn't like the pasted on letterings on each keypad.  Probably will come off eventually over time.  Otherwise, the click and feel is fine.  OK for the price.
The rodent died rather quickly. Too bad, it was the better part of the set. The keyboard is only ok, and the USB antenna does not fit the USB ports in my new computer. Oh, yes, you need to like typing with the top of the keyboard much lower than the edge nearest you... not to my liking. Oh, well, now I'm off in search of another.
I want to like this keyboard and overall I think it has a very nice feel.  But the space key is very difficult to press down.  Hunting through reviews, I noticed quite a few complaints about this (some reviews going back to 2007) and Im guessing that some of the keyboards have the problem some dont -- luck of the draw.  Regardless we all know what a keyboard should feel like (and if MS puts an ergonomic on the box I expect it to feel better than that), also this problem has been around for over a year and they are still shipping keyboards with the problem.  A design flaw with the keyboard and a inability to manage quality in the MS hardware group.
As has been stated, the spacebar is harder to push than other keys and significantly louder.  I purchased it despite seeing these complaints because someone commented that he thought it had been fixed.  It has not as of 12/8/2011.  It's quite disappointing to see Microsoft not bothering to fix this one glaring issue on one of the most used keys.  It was probably worth a shot to try a cheap alternative to the ~$100 goldtouch/kinesis keyboards I had been buying but in my case it didn't end well >.>
I can't type on a "normal" keyboard. Never could, really. But ergonomic keyboards opened a whole new world for me. Thanks to Microsoft's efforts in this field, I have been using these ergo-boards from MS since they were first introduced. And while I had grown found of the wireless variety, I realized that I rarely ventured far from the computer with the keyboard, and craved the immediacy of operation that a USB keyboard offers, plus the price was about half of that of a wireless. I bought mine from Amazon on May 28th, and by September, the "O" key had stopped working. I called warranty support and was stunned when they told me they would gladly replace my keyboard--just as soon as I returned my defective unit at my own expense. What happened to the Microsoft that overnighted a replacement unit without even asking for the defective item in return. This was usually the case, though I have no problem returning defectives as long as I am reimbursed. So, now I have to make the choice to just whether to buy a "Like New" used keyboard for a little bit more than it will cost to ship this one, or just play Microsoft's game and send this back for a new one. Amazonians should note that this kind of behavior on the part of a company like Microsoft (and Logitech is moving in the same direction) serves to provide incentive to internet shoppers like myself to venture out into the real world. Had I purchased the item at a big box store, I could take it back without having to pay for return shipping, and that's that. But for Microsoft to add to the cost of a unit that is already defective and has cost me time and money in the process shows me just how much they care about the consumer. Zero. Because, after all, I could be running some kind of huge keyboard scam and making millions. Seriously, I can't give this keyboard a high rating when a key goes bad so soon. I have had that problem with the wireless version, but only after a few years usually. And MS ALWAYS sent me a new keyboard without question and without asking for the defective one to be returned. That kind of customer service won them my oyalty for years. It's amazing how quickly, however, that loyalty can be destroyed by shoddy, selfish, and utterly lacking customer support. This will be my last Microsoft keyboard. Fortunately I already own about a dozen that should hold me until they fall apart, one by one. Good customer service pays for itself. Bad word of mouth can kill a company's rep just as easily, which is why Amazon still commands the respect it does among consumers, including myself.
If your like me, I know what your thinking - "Gosh, what an ergonomic look!  It must make it a better keyboard, right?"  Listen, just because it's got a hump in the middle and a left and right hand keyset isn't going to make you a better typist - just more pissed off as your typing accuracy goes into the toilet.  In all fairness, my family and I attempted to use this silly thing for several months and none of us ever made a decent adjustment to it.  The only memorable thing about this keyboard was its ability to induce sane people to swear like sailors as they valiantly attempted to type on it.  It now sits in a closet, unused and unloved.  Microsoft, please fire the engineer that came up with this idea.
The track pad works quite well. Show up as a 'mouse' on Linux (Ubuntu 11.10) and works right of the box. But I don't understand why the keys have to be smaller. I can live with cheap feel of the keyboard but not different spacing for keys. Logitech has been making keyboards for decades, I am surprised they don't see why it is important to right size for the key & key spacing. A big negative for otherwise a great idea.
I purchased this combo back in November.  It has been working great since a week ago.  The keyboard started malfunctioning.  When typing the keyboard would freeze and not respond.  But then it would pick back up and type what you pressed, but completely wrong. I changed the batteries multiple times in case of bad batter, which chances of that are slim to none. Unfortunately, can't return.  Although, the mouse works fantastic, keyboard stinks.  Expected more from Logitech.
Bought this to use with a HTPC.  The reception appears to die out around 5 meters (the range was listed as 30 meters in the production description).  The keys seem to work ok from that distance, but the trackpad is very laggy at about 5M - 6M away.  Typing on the keys feels a little awkward at first due to the vertical layout of the letters, although it get's easier to use with practice.  What I can't get used to is the trackpad feeling "in the way" while trying to type.  This was clearly shown in the picture, it's just one of those things that didn't seem to be an issue until I actually started to use it.  Lastly the laser pointer button on the bottom, broke the first time I pressed it. When I peeked inside the unit from underneath the battery cover, it didn't appear it was ever secured properly. So for the most part, it works, but I'm definitely looking for a replacement.
The problem with key layout (the ones to the right of the enter key) are covered in other reviews. Another issue is that the rubber bumps on the bottom of the keyboard are poorly fastened. We've got two at my office and both had the same one fall off -- making the keyboard unusable until we glued them back on. Unacceptable.
This is no replacement for a keyboard, mouse or the idea of having a remote control.  The device sits on my coffee table unused since I prefer to use a product that works.  The wireless keyboard uses generic drivers and unfortunately does perform well enough to replace my keyboard and mouse.  Redundancy is required in typing a message or navigating the courser using the touch-pad. Maybe the device will fit your needs but not mine.
Maybe this keyboard just isnt for me. But the keys are sort of sticky because of the way it is shaped and the placement of your hands. I've been typing on it for a month now and I really would rather have a regular key board. Bottom Line it sticks and it is uncomfortable.
I bought this keyboard couple of months ago and it worked nicely for 2 months but soon after, it stopped working. I have to reboot my system every time to make it work again and as soon as I hit "Ctrl" key or turn the caps lock on, it stops working again. Please don't buy this item, its sheer waste of time and money...
Someone working in the house spilled juice in my keyboard today (a wireless Logitech combo that I LIKED, but it is no longer sold).  Of course, the keyboard quit working.  I went out late this evening to find a "good" replacement (nothing fancy).  I'll probably keep this, but there are a few things that were very disappointing.  It appears there is no way to program any of the buttons, except to swap left and right clicks.  The wheel cannot be programmed as a double-click if desired, for example (I have LOVED that feature on several previous mice).  Also, there is no way to know if either caps lock or number lock are on or off - no light, no screen reminder (as the just-replaced unit had), just the old "oh darn!" method after you've been typing or entering numbers for a while and find out you have something else going on with the numbers, a lower case first letter followed by aLL CAPS after that, etc.  How much more programming/engineering would it have taken to get even just those three features included (programmable wheel, caps and number lock indicators of some sort)?  With the old wireless keyboard/mouse combo, I loved the brief screen announcement that informed me immediately if I put the caps lock on or off, and same with the number lock.  Now I don't even have an on/off keyboard light for either of those keys.  And I guess I'll have to just start exercising my index finger again for all the real double clicks I'll have to be doing that used to come with just a single click of the wheel. On the positive side, the keyboard is nicely laid out, has some "extras" buttons including volume/mute controls, direct-to-email button, etc., as well as a few programmable Function keys to search, go to the desktop, etc.  The feel of the keyboard is actually a little nicer than the slightly more expensive model I just replaced. Don't expect a big mouse, because this is largely designed for a laptop, not desktop (though I'm using it on a desktop and I am quite satisfied with the feel, even if it is a bit smaller than the desktop model I had). All in all, a nice, basic keyboard and mouse that don't have to be wired in.  No setup at all (unless you count opening the box and setting things on your desk).  You just plug in the USB device, turn on the mouse, turn on the keyboard, and start typing/pointing/clicking immediately.  There is no installation disk - it's all in the USB device (minus the features listed above).  As long as you can get it on sale, it's a decent deal.  But I would not pay full list price for this combo unit.
This keyboard is great. A nice feel, comfortable layout, I suppose I must admit I'd prefer better keys as I like a quality laptop type keyset than traditional desktop keys. The buttons are a little "gummy" but I can look that all aside as it's not too much an issue than a minor annoyance and this is the only half way descent ergonomic keyboard that is reasonably priced. The main flaw is in its construction. Herein lies its downfall. I've never used something more poorly constructed. It will die if you spill ANYTHING on it. For 50-80$ I'd expect a keyboard to have some sort of resistance to spills. Now, I wouldn't expect to submerge it or poor a keg onto it, but I've had cheap 10$ keyboards survive far worse catastrophes than this one and continued working as though nothing happened. From someone that "suffers" from carpal tunnel syndrome I cannot use any other keyboard without my wrists screaming in agony. So, I am stuck with this keyboard or buying something that costs hundreds of dollars. Granted I do like this keyboard, but I am counting the days until the next time an accident occurs and have to replace it... again.
I give this device marks right down the middle to average out its pros and cons. The idea is great, 4 or 5 stars for that, the design of the keyboard, touchpad, etc. is good, 4 stars or so, but the implementation is problematic, I give it one star for that. Implementation is the correct word for that in the sense that if it doesn't work upon receiving it- it obviously can't be implemented. I could tell that the keyboard itself would charge and start up with no problems, but the dongle for wireless connectivity would not function whatsoever. I give it one star for functionality as well, as I couldn't put it through it's paces, but it looked like it would function well. In short, it's a good thing I purchased it through Amazon, because at least I could return it with the minimum fuss.
I've used the Microsoft ergonomic keyboards for many years. I like their design and they work well. The the keys do feel a little "mushy" without the tactile feedback of some of the better boards, such as those from IBM. My biggest complaint is that the letters easily wear off the keys. Microsoft does not provide replacement keys, but has replaced the keyboards when I complained. However, I'm sick of complaining. I've used a Microsoft Ergo 4000 for about 1-1/2 years. The letters have worn off three keys and are well on their way to "blank" on others. (This hasn't happened on other brand keyboards that I've used.) I'm tired of complaining and will move to another brand when I soon purchase another board. Added note: It is now almost 2-1/2 years since I wrote this review (above). At that time I ordered a Fellowes ergonomic keyboard. I am still using it and the lettering on the keys is still visible. I do not understand why Microsoft was not able to solve this problem.
It did not work at all. this is worse purchase I have eversi&oacute;n done.  WhenIt arrive the box was not even damage. Then I conected to the usb and nothing happened, not one letter work
The battery of the keyboard got really weak after a few month, and now it has a delay when I wanna write sth. Also the price of the keyboard was reduced after a few days that I bought it.
This is a very well made keyboard with nice features, but for me, the trackpad is too close to the keyboard which means my pinky kept hitting it, sending the cursor to random places on the screen. Quite a problem when writing a Word document. A very well made product though. I found it useless though, and had to return it.
This keyboard and mouse combo is very basic.  What I really dislike about it is they changed the standard keys for Insert, delete, home, end, page up and page down key section.  They moved the insert button to another section up top and made the delete button two times as long.  This really screws up your typing (at least it did for me) because I am so used to the traditional key set.  I think they did this to save a 1/2 inch in the length of the keyboard.  IMHO, it was not worth it.  One neat feature is the hot-key for the calculator as I use that a lot.  Other than that it works fine but I don't use it for my main computer, I use it when I need to go to a conference room at work with my laptop.  It is just easier with that keyboard rather than a laptop keyboard.
Even for a $20 product, and I don't care what plastic it is made of, this is a useless device. It's a 2.4 GHz device. So even if you only have a cordless phone and a basic wireless router in the house - this "keyboard" already be hardly able to usable. The signal is weak and always interrupted. God forbid you want to use it while watching a youtube clip. And then, the "track pad". Unless you have have tiniest pinky pad in the world - good luck controlling your cursor - it is like playing a random "catch the pointer".
I like to consider myself fairly skilled with computers, but two months after getting this keyboard it started to do very bizarre things, and I could not for the life of me figure out a rational reason why they were occurring. I thought the whole situation was just insane - until I read some of these 1 and 2 star reviews, and realized what a piece of crap it is. Let me tell you what my keyboard does: *If I press the down arrow at any given time, the start menu comes up. This is rather inconvenient when trying to scroll through a folder, a word document, or play older video games *If I press the End button, it makes a '('. Yes, it makes an open parenthesis whenever I press end( *If I try to make a capital J, it will paste whatever is in my clipboard. So if I have a link that I have copied, like say www.amazon.com, pressing shift+j yields Jwww.amazon.com. It just now did as I tried to make that capital j. No, my computer is not virused, I'm not dumb enough to install random .exe files or visit troll sites on the internet, but just to make sure I scanned my computer with 2 virus scanners + SpyBotS&D; nothing came up. Besides, what kind of virus would do these random things instead of act as a keylogger and steal my credit card info? I also tried downloading the keyboard's software (never thought I would need to download software for a standard keyboard...) and resetting all the programmable keys to defaults, not like that would probably solve the problem, and of course the errors still occur. It's just a terrible keyboard, probably has some faulty wiring or god knows what. I really can't imagine what sort of catastrophic design failure would lead to all these strange events.
This keyboard Microsoft Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000   has a very comfortable built-in wrist rest, but that is about all I can say good about it.  The keys were very stiff.  The M, N and space bar are very stiff, to the point of being a major hinderance, and almost useless most of the time.  I need to know when I strike a key that the text is typed, but that doesn't happen with this keyboard.  I suppose if you are very heavy-handed it would probably be a fine board.  I spend a great deal of time using a keyboard, and I have to have one that is responsive all the time, not one that requires me to beat on the keys to get them to work properly.  Since some reviews here show that some people appear to love the board, I suspect that there may have been a bad batch or two.  That is why I highly recommend trying this keyboard before you sink your money into one.
Just resting my thumbs on the space bar causes repeated spaces to be typed. Seriously, I don't even have to press the space bar, just touch it, or breath on it. At first I thought my keyboard was possessed and I could barely type anything legible. I also have problems with letters and keys being repeated, even though my fingers are off the keyboard. The delete key has this behavior as well, which has caused me to inadvertently 5-10 emails until the delete button decides to unpress itself. I give up!
The right shift key is the reason this is the last thing I will type on the keyboard before returning it. They should have located the arrow keys above the touchpad.
Well mine was broken out to the box and I lost the receipt so by the time I got around to returning it it was too late.  The lost receipt was my fault it not working out of the box does shows poor quality control.
What use is a keyboard where the keys don't type the letter? I won't even take it to Goodwill- why make someone else frustrated.
This item was advertized on Amazon as a wireless keyboard.  It was returned unused when it was discovered that the item was a wired product.
I like Microsoft keyboards. I use them whenever I can. However, the Microsoft Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000 has some really annoying design defects. First, it comes with a useless Function Lock key that's right next to the F12 key. If you press it, all your function keys turn off until you look at the status light all the way at the bottom of the keyboard. Next, it has two flimsy feet on the bottom rear of the keyboard. After a few months of heavy use, they will break and you can either prop up your keyboard with a book or buy a new one. Finally, the keyboard isn't sealed, so if you accidentally spill something, you can kiss your keyboard goodbye. That being said, this is a very comfortable keyboard once you get used to it. I've used these keyboards for years and I really like the configuration of the keys. The feel of the keyboard is good (in my opinion). If Microsoft sealed the keyboard, removed the F Lock and made it more sturdier, they would have a near perfect keyboard. Though some integrated USB ports wouldn't be amiss.
Everything is great on this keyboart, apart 3 crucial point: 1. "SLEEP" button has removed been from this model by Microsoft. In a "Green" world fashion, this decsion of Microsoft is more then wierd. They saved $0.5 and lost me. 2. The characters are rub off the keys fast. The Plastic is two soft, so your fingers are just erasing the prints by a regular use. It never happened to me with no other keyboards, even very cheap ones. Prepair to lost some of the prints, especialy the A, C and < characters- where you fingers are resting the most. 3. The space bar has to be pressed near the center in order to work smoothly. The inside mechanizem just can't handle well pressing on the side of the space bar. Without these three isuues, this keyboard could be a superb top product. Btw, it was very nice if it had a USB hub, but it's not so critic.
I'm the IT manager for a hospital. One department in our hospital loves these keyboards for some strange reason. I have always been perturbed by how the keyboard is split incorrectly. That is, against the normal teaching method of using the right hand to access the number 6. I also can't stand to spread my hands sideways like I'm massaging a beach ball. Aside from that they have been a huge pain in the neck. The failure rate for these keyboards is very high compared to our standard HP and Lenovo keyboards. They just are not durable. We've had many fail because the cord gets an open or short circuit. We've had even more get the dreaded stuck key issue. Even though the key doesn't appear to be physically stuck, but the key will repeat itself ad infinitum. It has been the space bar mostly, but other keys also suffer the same problem. Unfortunately these have been a thorn in the side because of their reliability problems. If reliability is important to you there are better choices like a true mechanical keyboard (pricey), or even just a name brand business keyboard. EDIT: I just had another one fail. That is 4 in one week. Fortunately Microsoft replaces them free of charge (90 day warranty from date of initial call); you just have to wait on hold for 35 minutes so they can troubleshoot. Next time I will wait a while to call so I can group them all together and only call once. EDIT 6/2012: Two more just failed. This time Microsoft wants the old ones sent back. Last time I was told that I just needed to keep the old ones for warranty purposes. ?? EDIT 6/2012: One more failed. Microsoft must have changed manufacturers recently, since these keyboards have normally held up much better than this.
I mostly like this keyboard.  Unlike other ergo keyboards, it does not have some funky alien layout and it is nice and thin, which means it sit below my fingers.  The arrow keys are in their own T cluster and the media controls are useful. The only thing I don't like is the numeric pad.  I could easily live without it, and then the mouse could be nearer to the keys I use, so I would not have to reach so far.  This reaching is what is causing my shoulder problems.  For this reason, I would recommend it for a left-handed mouse user, but not someone who is right-handed. Does anyone know of a keyboard that is like this (gentle curve, low profile) but missing the numeric pad?
This keyboard has a lot of great features (scroll control, etc) but the spacebar makes this keyboard unusable.  I was hoping that the other reviews here were exaggerated.  Unfortunately, they were not.  The space bar is miserable to press.  I returned this item and am using the Logitech UltraX Media Keyboard.  It has laptop style keys and is a joy to work on.
How ergonomic is a keyboard that requires 5x the amount of force to push down the space bar as the other keys?  I am very disappointed in this model.  The previous white Natural Keyboard Elite was much more usable.  This model is making my hands hurt.  I am returning it.
This keyboard has nice features. I was replacing an older MS ergonomic and wanted one with programming features. Problem... The damn spacebar! Takes too much pressure to use and has a loud CLUNK when you hit it. There was no model in the store for me to try or I would have passed on it. Just my luck. The regular keys are not bad, but after 6 weeks with the spacebar, I'm getting rid of it. How can MS miss the mark on this problem. Save your money, get something else.
This keyboard was terrific for me until the E and L keys stopped working 55 days after I purchased it.  Unfortunately, Microsoft's warranty on this keyboard only lasts for 45 days.  So now I'm stuck with a large, useless keyboard.  I would recommend buying an ergonomic keyboard with a stronger return/refund/exchange warranty. UPDATE 3/18/2008 Surprisingly, Microsoft sent me a replacement for the aforementioned keyboard. It worked like a charm until this morning, when the exact same thing happened again. Random characters and other random things started happening on my Mac until I unplugged the keyboard. Hopefully Microsoft will be kind enough to replace their replacement. Whether they do or don't replace this one, I cannot recommend this item at all. Beware that if you purchase it, it might stop working suddenly.
I'll start with an apology for writing such a negative review, but Rii, your product deserves it. It worked beautifully, right of the box - and for a few months.  It was a little frustrating as the battery ran down, it isn't a clear "low battery" indicator, but once you understand what is going on, it's manageable. However, less than 6 months into it's life, the usefulness of the device fades. 1.  The battery lasts noticeably less and less each charge.  (we turn it off between needing to use it.) 2.  The touchpad no longer works properly - as you tilt the device, the cursor moves (I gently cleaned it with a dry soft cloth) 3.  The device, even when held still, moves the cursor on the screen, making it frustrating to click on anything. 4.  The range of the device becomes noticeably shortened.  The device must be pointed directly at the dongle, with nothing (not even your knee or the palm of your hand) between the dongle and the device for it to work. The worst part about this is how excited I was with the device to start with.  The design is nice, small, compact, full keyboard, the keys aren't too small, and it lights up for use in dark spaces. Sadly, I am now shopping for a replacement, and it won't be a Rii product.
I'm certain I bang away on my keyboard more than any other reviewer, so it's possible that the average or even heavy user may experience with it what I've experienced in just the few months I've owned it.  I do think it's a generally better layout than the previous versions of Microsoft ergonomic keyboards I've cycled through, but some of my keys started sticking recently, and about half the letters are worn off - the keys I'm obviously hitting most often.  The keystroke doesn't register if I don't hit at exactly the right angle on about 5 or 6 keys, and for these tired hands, after 8 or 10 hours at the glo box, I don't find the touch soft enough, even though I've read it described as soft. I was thrilled that it was very quiet out of the box, but like every other keyboard I've owned, it was clacking away at the usual grating volume after about 2 days, tops.  I'm going to buy another one already in the hopes that my first one was a lemon.  Either that or I need to resign myself to the possibility that I'll be going through a lot of keyboards in this profession. Overall, I think it's their best design so far, but from my unique perspective, there is still room for improvement.
I purchased this keyboard for my wife who has been partial to Microsoft's "natural" keyboards since their first beige beauty from the 90s.  Unfortunately, the keys on this model, particularly the space key, are too stiff.  I had seen complaints about the stiff keys in other reviews but was hoping this was not a universal problem.  The good news is Amazon's great return policy, and I ended up getting the cheaper Natural Curve 2000.
So I read all the reviews about connectivity issues and range and thought what the heck I'll try it.  I plugged in the receiver and I thought this is great, don't see the issues people are talking about.  Then about two months later, I noticed the range wasn't that good anymore.  And sometimes double keystrokes and missing keystrokes no matter how hard I tried to cleanly press the keys.  But that I thought I could live with. Then one day everything just stopped working.  The keyboard seemed to still work(lights, backlight, laser light) but it seems to not want to connect the the receiver.  I tried everything even tried changing the frequency, didn't do anything.  Also it will no longer charge, not that it matters since it is now worthless, unless you need a useless laser pointer.  Tried to return it, amazon said no way.  Don't waste your time and money.  I am waiting for the Logitech k400 to be back in stock.  That seems the way to go for an HTPC keyboard w/ touch pad.  Bigger, but smaller than a normal sized keyboard and an integrated touchpad.
I bought this keyboard for my mother as she has wrist issues and uses the computer often. Everyone who has tried the keyboard has found the ergonomics of it to be pretty mediocre. The deathblow to it is that the space bar has the worst feel to it, and makes a loud clanking noise. Not too happy with it, but oh well.
Worked for a day and then stopped connecting so I have to return it to bad I really like the idea of it, if it would stay connected and working.
Several years ago I had one of the first Microsoft ergonomic keyboards with a PS/2 style connector. I really liked that keyboard. For whatever reason, I moved away from the ergonomics and have had standard keyboards for a while now. My Dell keyboard recently gave up the ghost so I decided to go back to a Microsoft ergonomic and settled on this one. There are nice touches, such as the scroll knob in the middle of the keyboard and the padded palm rest. But the keyboard itself has a cheap feel to it (much cheaper than the Dell keyboard I was using) and the keys are a bit mushy... But the space bar is *horrible*. When you press the space bar with your right thumb it feels awful, it makes a loud click, and sometimes it just doesn't work. I'll keep trying to get used to the keyboard because A) I like the feel of the ergonomic layout. B) It's a little bit of a hassle to return to Amazon just because I have to head out to the UPS store. C) The price was low enough to take a chance. The biggest drawback is the space bar. Maybe it needs a breaking in period but I have a feeling it'll just get worse. 01/12/12 - Just a quick update to my original review. I googled for "microsoft 4000 keyboard space bar" and there are a LOT of reports of this issue out there. Not sure why Microsoft hasn't fixed it yet. At any rate, here's what worked for me. If you pop off the space bar there are a couple of tiny triangular tabs - one underneath the 'N' key and one underneath the 'B' key. The one under the 'N' key was broken and hanging on. As many commenters in my search recommended, I removed it and cut off the one under the B key as well. This has helped the space bar a lot, though it's not perfect. It's definitely much better now.
Bought this little device to use as interface for my home theater PC. It's intuitive, sleek, and very handy. No problems with battery life, and the light-up keys are a great addition. Cons: I've had major issues with range. From my couch to my PC is about 8ft with nothing blocking in-between. Still, it drops connection, or will have a string of text in a field because it cut out while I was typing. Clicking on the trackpad isn't the best. Most of the time, it will just move the cursor. Despite this, I still feel it is one of the best devices out there for this purpose.
I bought three of these keyboards [...].  I'm sorely regretting it.  They keys are incredibly hard to press, and the spacebar is noisy and stiff.
The feel of this keyboard was great but in a month's time the "n" key failed completely and some others work on and off.
This is an average keyboard. Small but the keys arent ergonomic.  Worst part is that if your PC sleeps, you wont be able to wake it wirelessly with this device.
This keyboard is great in theory, but the first one I got from Amazon had the "crazy hard to push" space bar problem.  You literally could not push the space bar down except when pushing right on the center of it.  You could nearly put all your weight on the extreme left or right sides, and nothing would happen!  Seriously!  After typing for 4-6 hours with that (and re-training myself to hit the space bar in the middle), my arms were very sore and I went back to my slightly broken Goldtouch keyboard.  I disagree with other reviewers who say this is a "feature" and that you should press the space bar in the middle for ergonomic reasons.  Bullocks!  The less you have to stretch and strain the better for ergonomics. I returned the first keyboard to Amazon, but I still needed a new keyboard, and the 4000 seemed to be about the only non-wireless, decently ergonomic keyboard out there.  I was at the local office supplies store, and they had the 4000 on display, and its space bar was very easy to push; so I picked one up (albeit for $50).  When I got out to the parking lot I took it out of the box to find that they space bar was indeed much better than the one I got from Amazon, but still has problems on the extreme top left and top right sides of the space bar. For now I'm sticking with the second 4000 keyboard, it works fine for me.  The space bar is still a little stiff and noisy, but the other keys are awesome.  I think the space bar will break in as well, as the display model had no space bar issues.  My guess is that the one I got from amazon was just a dud, perhaps if I exchanged it the second one would have been acceptable. Bottom line: great keyboard, if you get a good one.  Expect to return at least one before getting a usable space bar.  They really should have used a split space bar like most ergonomic keyboards.
Plug the receiver in, and it starts working. However, the keystrokes on the keyboard are way too long (takes alot of movement) so my hands get tired easily. The mouse is much too small as well. Would not recommend. I switched over to the solar K710 keyboard and it is much better, I can type 10-20 pages of double spaced stuff with no fatigue. It usually takes 200 words or less for my hands to get really tired on this keyboard.
I find this product easy to type on, and it's good and solid and doesn't slip and slide around my desk as I type.  Only one key didn't work, but it was a relatively minor key so I can live without it.  The space bar is easy to depress but I found it a bit loud.  Definitely helps angle my hands and arms so I don't hunch my shoulders too.
Barely works 10 feet from the receiver (measured exactly 10 ft); reception is often spotty; changing holding position dramatically affects reception; loses signal if my knees are up and between the remote and receiver. Further, I would have really liked a sleep key (to put the computer to sleep), an easier-to-use Windows key, more keys such as Delete, and more F-keys.
I got this in the mail today and unfortunately it is going back. I read some of the lower reviews and was hoping that mine would not have the range issues that some people were having.  It came in the plain white box and had all the components that are listed.  I proceeded to plug in the transmitter and my computer (Vista) loaded the drivers I turned on the mini keyboard and tried to get it to sync to no avail, tried plugging the transceiver into multiple slots as it recommended and even tried the other suggestion of FN + F1 to find another frequency. neither helped. Then I thought it might be the computer, so I plugged it into my Windows 7 machine, same thing. Last straw was when I plugged it into my XP laptop to have the same results. I even put the keyboard directly over the transmitter (less than an inch) and it still would not connect. The only thing that I can think is that one or both the transmitter...receiver, is not functioning properly. There is no customer service and the website that I googled (it did not have a website listed in the manual) did not have any additional information/ troubleshooting/ drivers to try, so that left me with my only option of returning the item and posting a bad review. Like the title states, I really wanted this to work, a nice lighted keypad, with a touch pad for my bedroom HTPC would have been nice to have, it was a good size and felt nice in the hands, however it just did not work and I am not going to try another one based on the bad reviews. Instead I have ordered a Palm-Sized Mini 2.4GHz RF Wireless Media Keyboard with Multi-Touch Gesture Touchpad Mouse/Remote Control for Windows 7/Vista/XP HTPC PC . I hope if you do decide to try this product yours works.
First off, of the reviews I read here (which was not all 570+), the one that hits the mark the closest is from "Darby".  S/he mostly nailed it.  I'm going to add only two observations: 1) If you try to use this within 10-15 feet of a 2.4GHz wireless access point you may run into non-communication issues.  The wireless radio is a lot more powerful than the Bluetooth-like transmitters built into the KB and mouse, so they're easily swamped out.  The workaround for this is to hand the USB receiver on a M-F extension in close proximity to the KB and mouse.  If you can locate the receiver within a foot or two the KB/Mouse signal will have a better chance of punching through the wireless radio's signal. 2) Many reviewers have missed one very important point which is why this is only a 3-star product -- Logitech has totally dropped the ball in not providing a suitable software interface with this product, especially the mouse.  You may be very disappointed, as was I, to discover that there's no way to set the function of the scroll button.  For example, MS mice use Intellipoint which covers this feature nicely with a large list of preprogrammed functions as well as the ability to create your own key-combination.  Not so with Logitech.  They have ignored it completely.  If you check in on their support pages you will find that there is no driver listed for this hardware.  You can download and install the generic KB/mouse wireless driver, but it adds negligible functionality.  Then you might think "Aha, I'll just install Intellipoint and use that."  Nope.  The later version of Intellipoint will not work with non-MS mice at all, and (IIRC) V7 and earlier will, but will not recognize the Logitech scroll wheel.  So you're out of luck in any event. I'd very much have liked to give this a 5-star rating, because overall, I like the KB and mouse a lot, especially at this very reasonable price point.  But the inability to customize the behavior of a significant control input is a huge minus in the way I use a mouse.  And it's not like Logitech doesn't understand the problem because they do have this functionality in many of their mice!  So I don't get it.  Why unnecessarily hobble a perfectly good product otherwise?  Why, Logitech, WHY???
Sorry, for me this remote was a total dog.  I had to be almost on top of the receiver to get the trackpad or the keyboard to register with my Mac Mini.  I was not able to use the trackpad with any type of precision and it kept registering even the lightest of strokes as clicks.  So mine is going right back and I will be getting a 2nd Lenovo Multimedia Remote with Keyboard.  I just thought I could not be the price for this controller.  Now I know why it is priced so low and I must figure those who rated this higher than 2 stars either received a better unit or had much lower expectations.  And my expectations were just for it to be usable.
Like most others have stated and I wished I listened before I purchased, the space bar is very poorly designed and difficult to depress. I've found that if I use my left thumb it works well, but trying to depress it with my right thumb in the upper center quadrant of the bar is almost impossible. I will probable be returning this otherwise great keyboard.
Originally gave this a 5 star well, less that 5 days it will not work, I'm going to contact the seller after the Holidays, I'll let you know if they do anything about this. Follow up, Gave me a full refund no questions asked, I'll order from this company again, Thanks
I was very happy with the comfort and performance of this keyboard, until the enter key stopped working. Don't remember exactly how long it lasted, but I'd say about a year or so. Maybe that's not unreasonable for the price, but it's certainly inconvenient.
Short and sweet:  I have always used the old Microsoft Natural Keyboard which worked flawlessly and still does.  It's just too dusty and dirty looking from years of use.  So I replaced it today with the 4000. Very attractive piece of hardware, definitely massive looking but it fits my desk space fine, easy installation with the latest Intellipoint software, absolutely quiet keys when pressed but that's where the niceties end. I type all day and there's no way I can use the spacebar without forcibly pressing it down at times so it will make a space, not all the time,but enough times that force me to separate words running together and very very annoying.  The keys are a little stiffer to press down but once I get flying, they fly too with ease.  It's that damn spacebar that's a huge hinderance.  Also, the "enter" key is bit small but even that's okay if only that spacebar acted normally.  Very frustrated right now and contemplating swapping it out for another one. I just went to reconnect my old dusty trusty keyboard and it's so darn easy.  I wonder what Microsoft was thinking about when they made the 4000's spacebar???? I'm hoping, as others have stated, that it will loosen up over time.
After a year of using this product, the letter "B" no longer works, which is strange because I rarely use the letter B
It was difficult to use, and the trackpad was very unresponsive. I had to get really close to the receiver to do anything - so I couldn't even use it from my sofa 6 feet away. Sure it's cheap, but what good is that when it's practically useless. The laser pointer was the only useful thing on it. I can get one of those for a buck. I ended up getting a Logitech diNovo Mini and swear by it. Awesome piece of equipment. I don't' even have to open my cabinet doors. I sit comfortably on my sofa and its as responsive as the track pad on your laptop. Very easy to use. Is rechargeable...etc.
Some people said the wireless connection is bad and short range but some said it was good. So, I gave it a try and its wireless connection is only upto 10feet where just the distance from my TV to my sofa. Wireless connection is my big concern and I took 2 star off because of that. Other than that, the keyboard design is very good. Laserpointer is great. But, if you use it on your LCD TV, you will barely see the dot.
This keyboard was great for 6 months, then the letter B stopped working. The keyboard was not abused, nothing was spilled on it, and it was not banged on or mistreated. It worked well the night before then after sitting by itself undisturbed on the desk overnight(I don't have children and my wife has her own computer) I used it the next morning and the letter B was nonfunctional. Tried everything and it would not work. If you think the price is fair for a good 6 months of use then this keyboard is for you.
Missed all of the other 'space key sticks' feedback. I really don't know why this was rated so highly... seems like poor design.
It is a great product. No complaints. Got used to the new shape pretty quickly. I don't have any problem with the space bar as such. Update 5/7/12: A few buttons stopped working on the keyboard abruptly (buttons j-k-l). I am yet to deal with the warranty/support stuff. Will update once I do it.
I got this product a couple of days ago, and I've decided to return it. The product works well, the touchpad is responsive and scrolling was a neat feature. However, the keys were a bit too small for me to comfortably type on. I think if you aren't planning to do a lot of typing on it, it would be fine. But if you intend to do a lot of typing, you might want to get a full-sized keyboard.
Although attractively designed and potentially ideal for home theater use, this unit has such a limted transmission range that it cannot be recommended.  With no walls between the keyboard and the pc/RF dongle the range of reliable operation is less than 12 feet.  A big disappointment.
I wish I had read the one star reviews before purchasing. I am a grad student, and I have to type frequently, so I am extremely disappointed that this product fails. In fact, I am unimpressed with MOST Microsoft products. Many of my keys have stopped working. Namely, one of the keys I needed to type my password for windows 7, so I could not get into my computer, until finally, after trying everything else, Providence told me to SLAM the keyboard down. I should not have to slam my keyboard to get it to work. This product is unacceptable.
Just like so many other reviewers, I have found this keyboard to be great on paper. The layout is great the design is great. Perhaps they should have left off some of the extra features and focused on basic functionality. The whole point of purchasing this product was to be able to control my computer connected to my TV without getting up every time I wanted to browse the web. This keyboard works great for one, maybe two web addresses or searches. Then it just disconnects for no reason. You have to get up and unplug the receiver (5 ft away in my case, not out of range) and reconnect to get it to work again. This defeats the entire purpose for me. I would save my money and time and try something else.
I've bought this keyboard 3 times. First time died on me after some cough syrup, totally my fault. Bought a new one because I simply love the shape and layout. I spent many hours on my computer and I stopped having wrist pains after I started using this keyboard. Anyways, I bought my second one and after a couple of months half othe keyboard stopped working. I thought my dog had chewed on the usb wire so I ordered a new one. SAME EXACT PROBLEM after 1 day of use! YES, ONE DAY! Tested it on another computer with the same result. I guess the quality control has gone down and thanks to that, I won't be buying this keyboard ever again. I really wish logitech would create a copy of this keyboard, but with their quality control.
This keyboard is enormous, but there is only one giant, loud, sticky spacebar. The spacebar is so bad, the product is completely unusable for me. My speed/error rate is horrendous on this keyboard because I can't get the spacebar to properly work and when it does it's so loud. If you search online for this product and spacebar, you'll see dozens of sites all with tips to fix the problem. I tried them all and finally gave up and put this keyboard in the trash and will have to find something else. It was the most frustrating 2 weeks of my life while I tried to re-teach my self to hit the space bar with two thumbs since sometimes that worked. No longer will I fight this waste of money keyboard.
Very easy to set-up. Mouse works great, but the keyboard often goes to "sleep". For almost 20 secs, the keyboard will not respond and then every thing is fine. Replaced batteries but problem persists. Maybe I got a bad piece but there are other reviews on Amazon with the exact same problem.
I'm giving this one star because the seller put bluetooth somewhere in this product listing although I cannot find it.  I'm doing this as an act of rightful revenge for wasting my time by spamdexing keywords. btw- the reason for bluetooth is twofold: 1 anyone can read what you are typing by sniffing wireless signals.  Also, even though they say the range is 30 feet, it's stupid because 2.4ghz devices will eat the hell out of battery at this range.  It's sly.  Yes it works for about 4 hours and then your batteries are dead. so 1 star.
I agree Microsoft has to work on quality control, here's a paragraph with the word "none" typed with this keyboard to show how often it didn't register "n": none none none none none none none none one none none none one none none none none oe none none none oe none none none none noe none none none It reduced my word accuracy by 17% by eating "n" in 5 of my 30 sample words !  A pity, there are so many lemons in this line, since it is an otherwise a good product !
The wireless is OK, the wireless range is not very good. I had requetsted a replacement
Everything worked fine for 8 months.  Now the mouse won't turn on.  The review would have been 5* if that hadn't happened.  Amazon offered me a $5 credit for the dead mouse; what the hey, that's satisfictory.  But now I have to buy a new mouse.  Anybody know which Logitech models will work with the sender that comes with this combo?  Will anything on 2.4 GHz do?  Other brands than Logitech?  Tx for help.
My boss and I both purchased this keyboard about 5 months ago and I am already on here shopping for a new keyboard...I loved the design of this keyboard and have enjoyed using it, but some of the keys have quit working for no apparent reason...We popped the keys off to see if something had fallen under the key and to see if something had been spilt on it, but nothing was apparent...My boss has also had problems with hers...After about 3 months of use the lettering on the keys started wearing off... To sum up, the design of the keyboard is awesome, but the quality of this product is pathetic...
I've had two of these, and while I like the keyboard design, it is NOT designed for households with cats or kids who might spill something on them. The last one fried after only a few drops of water spilled onto it. I'd only had it 3 months. Durability wouldn't be such an issue if it weren't so expensive. I'll be looking for an under $20 keyboard I don't have to worry about.
Looks like a good ergonomic keyboard...if you have large hands.  For people with smaller hands, the space bar gets stuck and requires a lot more effort to depress, defeating the purpose of having an ergonomic keyboard.
When I bought the keyboard, I was led to believe that the "zoom" button in the middle functioned as a scroll wheel. This would have been the perfect keyboard (natural shape, normal insert/delete/home/end/pgup/pgdown arrows and wheel). On the M$ website, it says that Internet Explorer supports zooming, but it hardly does. It might be a mistake (I think not), but Firefox supports the zoom feature much better than IE but its not listed. Maybe their scared to lose IE clients b/c of people who purchase their keyboard. Getting it set up was pretty dumb. I installed the software, shutdown, swapped keyboards, booted and I couldn't log in. I had to shut down the computer again and boot with both keyboards so Windows would recognize the Microsoft keyboard after it booted up. I wonder what those 4 loading screens do if not load drivers that I just installed. Anyways, I checked Microsoft update to see if there was a critical update or security patch for the keyboard and luckily there wasn't. I actually hoped there would be something to allow us to map zoom to scroll. The keys are also a bit stiff. Especially the spacebar and some of the keys that the right pinky hits. I feel like I'm going to get more tired by typing on this than on my old keyboard but I'll just have to wait and see. On the upside, this keyboard does look very nice and feels very good to rest my palms on the cushioned pad. I also love the sound that the 1-5 "Favorite" buttons make when they aren't defined. I wish they had different notes, maybe I can make music while I wait for stuff to compile.
I just got a new computer with a very basic keyboard. I tried to use my old Microsoft Multimedia keyboard but couldn't find an adapter that would make it work on a USB port (I tried 2 different ones), so I thought I would try to make the leap to a more "ergonomic" keyboard layout. I bought this one based on other people's reviews. I have been typing on the straight-line layout for 23 years, so I expected to have to adjust to the different layout, but when I tried it out by typing a 3-page letter in Word, I began having the classic carpal tunnel pain for the first time. By the time I was through with the letter, I had pain shooting up to my shoulder and my wrists hurt as well. I seem to have injured myself using this "ergonomic" keyboard while I have never injured myself with the "straight-line" layout. I ended up selling this model, took a small loss on it, and then ordered the Microsoft Digital Media Pro keyboard, which I am happy with and seems to be better for me than this one. The wrist rest on this keyboard is nice. As others have noted, the space bar is hard to tap and takes more force than it should. Much of the functionality of this model is also present on the Digital Media Pro model (hot keys, zoom, "favorites" buttons, etc.) and I am much happier with the touch and feel of the Digital Media Pro model than I was with this one. For me, it was a disaster! Obviously other people use it and like it, so each person will have to decide for themselves. It came as a big surprise that "ergonomic" was not helpful for me. I also had trouble with the curved surface because my fingers didn't go to the right places. If I had not experienced so much pain so quickly, I might have tried retraining myself to the new layout, but since I found something else that works better for me, it didn't seem like the way to go.
This is my second attempt at doing business with an Amazon Partner.  Once again, I am unhappy.  I bought two of these keyboards, they were described as new.  They both came in scratched up boxes with broken or missing seals.  Neither were packaged like new inside the boxes as well, internal packaging was ripped and the typical protective cover for USB connection was missing in both.  Obviously these were returned or refurbished items.  I have asked Amazon for a refund. I like the keyboard model, I'll just be getting it from somewhere else.
Goofed my typing all up. I have not been right since going back to a standard keyboard. Useless garbage.
There are already so many reviews on this keyboard that I was considering not offering up yet another one.  But I have to.  First off, I'm LOOKING FOR A QUIET KEYBOARD!  Several reviewers stated that this was indeed a quiet keyboard. I know, other reviewers have said that it's really dumb to want a keyboard to be quiet, but this is a personal thing that I believe is shared my many. So I have  Microsoft Arc keyboard that goes with my when I travel and take my tiny Acer Netbook.  The Arc is what I call a quiet keyboard.  Why does it seem impossible for anyone, including M/S to build a full-size keyboard using the same key technology as the Arc? OK, back the Comfort Curve 2000.  At first, it was actually a bit quieter than this old HP thing I'm using now, "was" being the operative word here.  But straight away, it felt really cheap, and looked that way, too, what with the shiny little character decals on the matte-black keys. But now let's get to the noise thing.  After about an hour of pretty steady typing, the keys got noticeably noisier until when I removed it from service it was hard to tell the difference between it and the others in our office.  The Big Deal is the extremely cheopo-sounding, loud-clacking space bar. Bottom line, this appears to be just one more cheap, plastic, disposable keyboard.  I'm still looking for a quiet one.  Anybody got any ideas?  I want to find one where every reviewer agrees that it is QUIET!
I bought one of these 3 years ago and was satisfied by it. The new one has very clunky action in the space bar. Otherwise, it is a good design.
pros:   sturdy cons:   * keyboard has to be less than 3 feet from the receiver.  Extremely disappointed.   * I can not hold the button & move touchpad to drag&drop.  I have to double tap the touchpad, then drag.  Manual did no mention that. It took me little while to figure out. Other:   Key layout is little different then normal, that made me type slower on same size keyboard. But I am well aware of this.  No problem for me as I use it as my remote control.
The biggest problem is that the space bar has way too much resistance--far more than the other keys-- although I think all the keys offer a bit more resistance than I'm used to. NOT exactly helpful when trying to reduce finger strain. If you have small hands, this keyboard is not for you. I felt like I had to reach excessively for some keys, like "y," "control," and "enter". Also, the space/angle separating right and left halves seemed too big. Too big and bulky in general- though it is pretty light for its size. Ended up returning the product. Have yet to find my ideal ergonomic keyboard.
I would NOT recommend this keyboard. The spacebar sticks, cutting your typing speed in half. I don't understand the good reviews it got here on Amazon, because reviewers on other sites also claimed to have issues with the spacebar.
This keyboard is OK, but has several problems which make it quite a disappointment. One is that the track pad is very twitchy. Because of the small size of the track pad, you have to turn the mouse speed up quite high to be able to move from one side of the screen to the other with one or two swipes, but then it is so sensitive that it is hard to control precisely. The other thing is that it will not wake my computer. There may be some way to fix this, but every other mouse or keyboard I have had has worked without hassle while this one doesn't. One other thing is that the box it came in did not say rii mini anywhere, I looked up the model number and it actually is made by Shinway. I don't know who makes the "real" rii mini, but I suspect the seller is passing off this cheap knock-off as the real thing.
Pluses:  Best feeling wrist rest, ergonomically designed reverse angle, the zoom rocker and back/forward keys. Minuses: "6" key is on the wrong side, tough to press space bar. Typing on this keyboard should be enjoyable, but thanks to the above flaws, it is not.  Design-wise it is on the right track, the wrists are less pronated because of the angle of the keys.  I'm not yet suffering from CTS, but if it is already serious, I doubt this keyboard will alleviate all the pain.  For prevention, however, it is already a lot better than a regular keyboard.
I had this for 3 months. It worked great for awhile, and now the mouse pad doesn't work. The curse goes everywhere like when you have wet finger. I got so frustrated with it, and I just broke it in half. Just save your money and stick with traditional mouse and keyboard. This product does sound great, but you'll regret.
Cons: --Finger placement detection (ridge on F and J keys) is insufficient.  I'm constantly typing gibberish because my fingers are on the wrong keys. --Letters rub off the keys very quickly and no replacements are available --Occasionally keys are difficult to press --The keyboard is relatively large Pros:  It is very quiet, most keys are easy to press.  Split design is effective at reducing strain. Overall:  I like my older model Natural keyboard better.
On a working unit the only complaint is the passable sensitivity of the track pad.  I use a wireless mouse most of the time so this is of no bother to me.  The track pad is really only acceptable for GUI, not gaming. Like some of the other people who got this.  Mine was defective.  It's too cheap to make it worth my while to send it back.  In my case the USB port is dead.  I disassembled the unit and found a workaround to charge the battery.  So other than having to take it apart to charge it, I'm happy.  Pay more than $30 and you are going to be disappointed.
Logitech support is absolutely incompetent as well. I would rate it and them a zero if i could.  I will never purchase a Logitech product again.
I've been using this keyboard for a couple weeks and the good part about it is that it works reliably and isn't hampered by my laptop sitting between the wireless keyboard and my HTPC (I'm using it to control the HTPC). The bad part is that it doesn't have a right-click button on the upper left. It does have a left-click button but then it has a Mute button where the right click should be! Very annoying and counter-intuitive. To right-click you have to stop what you're doing onscreen, look at the pad on the right, locate the dang right-click button and click it. Logitech, if you're listening, put both mouse buttons on the upper left and you'll have a much better product.
Overall the keyboard is functional but the layout is extremely uncomfortable. Also the keys are not the most responsive and are not sensitive.
Amazon, why you send me an open box , but you said it's a new one?
The design of this product is good, the quality is acceptable and the laser pointer, while unnecessary for my uses, is quite bright.  What I am disappointed in is that if I am sitting just 10-12 feet from the computer, with no obstructions, I find that the way I hold it affects the performance.  This does vary depending on the battery level, which leads me to my next observation; It's a good thing it's rechargable because the battery life isn't all that great. In summary, for a light user, like myself, it's acceptable and I will not be looking for an alternate model.  If you are wanting to use it a lot, look at some better models.
This integrated keyboard and touchpad is a great idea for a media TV, but the touchpad is awful. The touchpad's sensitivity sucks and the acceleration is too fast, regardless of the software settings. This results in an annoyingly slow curser most of the time followed by frustrating streaks of the mouse across the screen.
do not buy this if does not work i boust it and when i got it the lazer did not work the worst shipping ever something els was broken inside and to make it worst the mouse pad did not worck cerecly and they do not give refunds!!!
Overall gets the job done.  Use it with a HTPC nettop.  Biggest complaint is that it feels awkward to type with thumbs with the trackpad on the right side and that the trackpad is not very responsive as a laptop trackpad.
My credit card was charged and a full month later I still don't have the keyboard.  I've emailed the vendor 3 times and never got a reply.  Now I have a claim in with Amazon.
this was a comfortable keyboard to use until the membrane key backings failed on one of the keys.  i've been typing for a living for years and this was the first keyboard that i have owned that breaks after a few months
This keyboard was nice for about the first day. It then started to cause Firefox to open new windows and tabs spontaneously, first with every 30-40 keystrokes, then in increasing frequency until it would no longer type, but pretty much only open Firefox tabs. Logitech support has been incredibly unhelpful and the retailer requires that you pay for shipping both ways and does not guarantee a full refund before you send the item back, but says it will assess it and determine what refund you get once it is received. That doesn't sound promising. I am very disappointed with this purchase, it's been a huge waste of time and money.
Do not get this keyboard!  It is very uncomfortable to type on, and is cheap right out of the box.  The keys are weird and make typing for a long time a hassle.  Some keys are bigger than others!  I would definitely not recommend this Keyboard to someone that has a Media PC like an HP dv6.  Every single button at the top will not work. Its built so cheaply that when you pick it up you can actually feel it about to snap in your hand. I can't run out of bad things to say about this keyboard! Do Yourself a favor and do NOT purchase it.
the initial experience is great. great range, solid and snappy performance from both devices. the keyboard leaves little to be desired. however, the mouse has quit at just under a year.  The connect utility is pretty shallow. I'll invest in a better mouse... it's worth it to put a little extra money into something that will last.. but at this price, I have no regrets
This is the worst keyboard I have ever tried. It has the loudest spacebar you have ever heard in your life. I type all day at work and my wrists hurt. This keyboard is very comfortable, and the letter keys are well spaced out and whisper quiet - perfect. However... the spacebar key is so loud it would surely drive everyone in my office nuts, not to mention myself. I cannot possibly imagine how the other reviewers use this keyboard - try it and find out just how loud a spacebar can be. It is really too bad, Microsoft designed the perfect keyboard, then made it useless the spacebar is so obnoxiously loud.
I had to move this one into a room away from the family room because the family was going nuts. This is like using an old manual typewriter it's so noisy! I'm sorry I threw out the box, as I would have returned it. I let the box go out to the dump the day this came in because I owned one of these already and loved it. Seems the quality has gone downhill. Guess I'm using the old one in the family room and hiding this one behind a nice wall..... too bad.
I went ahead and got this in spite of the reviews, hoping I would get a keyboard with a decent spacebar.  But, no, it's just as everyone described.  It's hard to hit, clunky, noisy, and causes thumb pain within minutes.  I'm hoping the replacement may be the rare "one in however many" that actually is ok.  The only good thing I can say is that at least Microsoft has good customer service, because after just half an hour on the phone, they're sending a replacement keyboard.
Ordered this cordless keyboard, it took very long to get it, it was out of stock, when I received it, I installed it but it didn't work on my Sony KDL 720 TV, Called Logitech customer service and they told me that this keyboard don't work on Web TVs, if you are looking for a wireless keyboard for you web tv, do not buy this one, it is only made for PCs.
Had high hopes for this unit with all the good reviews of it. What I received was far from living up to expectations. Arrived in an unsealed box and on first inspection, noted that the laser pointer button was missing. As a result, laser pointer does not work. Charged the unit anyway as this was not a deal breaker as I primarily intended to use it for Netflix and web surfing. First URL I attempted to type in killed the deal. Some of the keys on the keyboard did not work properly and required multiple hits to register. Sadly, as this was Amazon full-filled, I could only return it rather that replace it. As to the shipper, Hottest Deals Ever, I found it odd that the box was not shrink wrapped and had a label affixed to it proclaiming the unit as new. What I found left much to be questioned. Because of all the good reviews for the product, I may ordered one again, this time only if it is sold by Amazon.com, hoping this was just a bad experience.
I had the MK300 and I spilled something on my keyboard so I had to get a replacement. I liked what I had before so I got a slight upgrade.  The mouse is just the same and the kb only has a few features that have changed so I was pretty happy. Unfortunately, my keyboard has its own ideas about when I should be allowed to type.  It likes to stop responding (when the receiver is about 1 ft away and I either end up banging on it randomly until it responds or have to turn it off and back on again.  Its a pain. At times it makes me pine for a wired keyboard who will listen when I command. :(  Darn you and your unresponsiveness!
I use this on an HTPC in conjunction with a media center remote.  Its a good thing my media center remote works from the other side of the living room, because this device wont. If I sit close to it, like around 10 feet or so it types and mouses just fine. Any further away and it freezes and becomes non responsive. This works for me because I have to get within 10 feet of my TV to see anything typed anyway... It beats a giant clunky wireless or a wired keyboard and having the mouse right there on it is nice. The back-lights work great. Pros: * Backlit keys * Mouse pad that works in both orientations * rechargable * very small and portable * useless laser pointer (maybe a con also as the kids might shoot each other in the face with it) * fairly cheap Cons: - limited range, like 10 feet at best - mine wont connect using the extension cable, must plug directly into machine. might be my cable, but still.... - I cant tell when the unit is charging, no light for that, or maybe my cable really is bad and its just not charging? - Mouse is finicky and hard to control Overall if you are only using this for limited data entry to fill the void on an HTPC and in conjunction with a good media center remote that has its own mouse, you will probably be fine. Just be aware of its short range.
The first one I ordered worked great except the home button would trigger spontaneously every few minutes and cause a browser window to launch. I replaced it and got a second keyboard that had severe signal issues. It was practically unusable from a distance of about 5 feet. The third one also has signal issues but they are minor enough that I decided to live with them. I really got tired of driving to the post office to return these keyboards. It really is a shame that the quality is so inconsistent because, aside from the specific issues I mentioned, this really is a great product.
I have two these keyboards along with it's related mouse, but after a year or so I was finding I was typing much slower then usual. I found I could only type fast (ie. touch type) the letters until I tried using a META/SHIFT key, number key or any other key aside from the usual unshifted alphabet letters.  I attributed this to the unusual wave design of the key layout which is supposed to promote stress free typing, which is does -- but while promoting a bad style of typing preventing the keyboard user from typing all other keys!  Hence, you're likely to use this keyboard for online irc chat rooms and quick chatting where you don't use anything but lower case letters! I've recently purchased a Unicomp "Customizer 104/105 (P/N UB4044A)" mechanical (spring) keyboard along with a Leopold FC3456-A (brown switch) mechanical keyboard.  Although the Leopold brown switch keyboard I can type extremely fast, it's size and key layout is smaller causing numerous mistypes.  The Unicomp keyboard, I can type much better, but not as fast as the Leopold due to the stiffer springs while mistypes are much fewer.  I can also find finger/hand placement much easier and faster on the Unicomp board.  The Unicomp keyboard has a raised stepping for it's keys, providing more spacing for those of us with muscles in our hands.  Only gamers are going to like the smaller keybaords, as they can place the keyboard in their laps unlike those of use that work and need a desk for typing. In brief, it took me weeks to relearn how to properly type so I could type numbers and other characters using META and Shift keys!  I don't think I'll ever buy another ergonomically styled key layout keyboard again!  I find it strange since we invented typewriters, the QWERTY keyboard has survived this long while the typewriter manufacturers never created an "ergonomically styled typewriter"???  But all of a sudden the IBM style keyboards almost disappeared and replaced with these plastic switch keyboards.  (Sorry for the lack of clarity within the last couple of sentences, but the thought is there, it's just not described very well. :-/) Anyways, I'm more privy to use the Unicomp keyboard when using VIM and will save the Leopold for typing very long reports. As for these Microsoft keyboards, they really good for the price, but beware you'll take several weeks to learn how to type on them and then once you grow tired of them after a year, you'll need to relearn how to type for several weeks on another style of keyboard.  My advice, stick with the IBM Model M layout.  They've been around for a long time, likely for a reason!
i have been using this keyboard for 10 years, my old one broke and i wanted the same exact model the one that i got to replace my old one came and was slightly smaller and made of a lower grade plastic so, overall i still want this type of keyboard because it is supposed to prevent carpal tunnel but was a little disappointed that they just dont make these keyboards like they did in the past
I like this keyboard a lot! I use it for my server, where I don't need to access it often...I like the size and the integrated trackpad. My only complaint is that the keyboard feels a bit cheap.
I'm typing this review on the keyboard in question after about five months of use. The S and A are now barely legible and the space bar sticks just like everyone has claimed. I didn't take my keyboard apart to try to fiddle with the springs etc. The zoom roller in the middle of the keyboard doesn't ever seem to do anything productive. The one button I've used quite a bit is for the calculator. It's nice to just pop up the calc without having to Start/Run/Calc.exe. But I could have just drug it to the quick start area of the taskbar and had similar functionality. I suppose I use the mute and volume adjustment buttons as well rather than messing with the taskbar icons for the same task. Overall it's ok but nothing to be too excited about. Typical China junk.
This keyboard is totally incapable of waking up a windows 7 CPU. The tech support is totally unable to respond to this problem. About the only solution I can see is to: 1. Leave the computer on all the time (wow) 2. Use a MS keyboard or built in keyboard to wake up the cpu or 3. Use a network device to wake up on LAN activity (after proper power management configuration). The googling of the wake from sleep issue on these keyboards leads me to think that EVERYBODY has this problem. For non-windows 7 computers, this keyboard might be ok.  - DL
I bought this after looking around for a nice ergonomic keyboard... unfortunately after using it i noticed the spacebar sticks.  I guess if I would have read the 1 star reviews i would have seen this problem. Microsoft could fix this by splitting the space bar in two (a left and a right) so your thumb wouldnt have to push the whole bar down, only half.
Seems to work okay,but it has a very short range.  The touchpad does not operate the the cursor smoothly.  I would not buy another.
The keyboard worked well when in range. However the range kept changing from 2 ft to 12 ft. For no reason it would just stop working and I would have to get right up close to the receiver.  Changing the frequency didn't help. Finally frustrated I returned it.
Many people have written reviews making note that the space bar sticks unless pushed very carefully in the center. This space bar issues should not be overlooked as the space bar is probably the most used key in typing. I didn't look carefully enough at the reviews before purchasing and regretted it immediately. Returned it the next day. This is a warning!
I personally own a MS Office Keyboard that I paid $50 for a few years back that I'm in love with. So when my parents were looking for a new keyboard to replace their old one that came with their PC, I immediately told them to get a MS keyboard too.  This one seemed to fit the bill as the price was right, but while it's a MS keyboard it's missing that tactile feel. The keys on this keyboard don't "snap back" like some of the better keyboards do when you press them down.  This is a major flaw and I've learned that you get what you sometimes pay for ($50 versus $15).  While the keyboard 100% works (and the extra functions do also), I really dislike that pushing down on the keys doesn't give you the response that some of the other better MS keyboards do also. If you are looking for a good keyboard to quickly fit the bill, this one will wok fine, but if you are spending more than 4 hrs a day on your PC look at paying a little extra and get one of the better MS keyboards instead and make your typing experience a little more pleasant. Recommended, but not a keyboard for power and heavy PC users.
I didn't purchase this keyboard, but worked purchased it for me. The key feed back is really loud on this computer. I tend to be a "heavy" typer so I prefer quieter keyboards so I'm not driving my coworkers crazy. The caps lock broke with in 2 months of using the keyboard. The base back is very "hard" and uncomfortable. I will say that the "spacing" was nice, as well as the key layout.
Got this and plugged it in to my netbook that I have connected to my TV. Was hoping to be able to use it from the couch, located 5 feet away. Sat down and it already stopped working. Fine, maybe I need to be closer, unplugged and repowered moved with 1 ft of the network... and it stopped working after 20 seconds. Fine, maybe the battery needs to be charged. Charged it for 15 minutes like the manual instructed. Same behavior. Tried holding down Fn and F1 like instructed in the manual to change the RF channel. Same behavior. Useless piece of garbage! So frustrating!!!!
Yes I'm typig this from that very keyboard... cause it is all I got right ow. Do you kow how ofte you use the ' ' key whe you type? Hopefully this is givig you a idea of how fu this is't! Seriously, the curve keyboard worked flawlessly for ie (that's 9 with out a ' ') ad ow it is pretty useless :( I took the key off the keyboard to see if there was simply juk i there, but that was't the issue... So buyer beware - the reliability of this product may leave you ' '-less
In general this is a good keyboard: * comfortable wrist pads * excellent ergonomic positioning of the keys * plug and play in windows 7 - I did not install the software that came with keyboard and all the keys I ever use work without it (including volume up/down, play/pause etc. One BIG con: the space bar is hard to press.  You really need to exert some pressure on the space bar to successfully press it.  Sometimes I want to take out my old Microsoft keyboard just because the space bar design is so poor.
I bought this in Nov 2011 had the switch over come broken but was usable Well it just started not linking to its doggle,so went to company web and used contact us, I was told this is a knock off Fantasia trading is not autherized smaller, This is bad item do not buy amazon I'm hurt you are saleing knock off please stop
I've had this keyboard for a few weeks.  It's my third split ergonomic keyboard, my first from Microsoft.  The hand position feels just right, but depressing the keys is noisy and unpleasant.  The space bar is worst of all, since hitting it anywhere but right in the middle requires an extra hard press.  And since this is a split keyboard, my thumbs don't reach to the middle of the space bar when in the standard typing position.  I had hoped the space key would loosen up to allow my off-center use without requiring so much force to depress it.  It hasn't, and I still find myself correcting missed space typos weeks later.  I use this keyboard with a laptop when at my desk, and I keep catching myself typing at desk height on the laptop to avoid the Microsoft keyboard, a no-no for me due to a repetitive stress injury.  While I read about the space bar issue before purchasing, and decided it wouldn't bother me enough to make me choose something else, buying this keybord was a mistake for me.
This is really a pretty trashy keyboard. Certain keys on the one I own stopped working after less than a month of light use. I had owned a different Microsoft ergonomic keyboard which I was delighted with and gave me years of service. This one is different and cheap, avoid it. I managed to take it apart and get the bad keys working, but who knows how often that will be necessary. Do yourself a favor, spend some extra money and get a different model.
I love the ergonomics of this keyboard. Great size and easy to use. I don't use all the fancy buttons. By big issue is that the Windows key sticks daily. This is the second one I've used and both had this same key stick. I'll be typing along and suddenly, funky stuff will start happening. It's because the windows key was stuck on... and that's without having pressed the key at all. Not sure if I'll try a third (the current one is going back) or move to something else.
After using a Logitech Ergonomic keyboard and wearing out many keys (I work as a medical transcriptionist), I wanted to try the divided keyboard and go a little less expensive than the model of Logitech I had. I tried this keyboard and could not type on it! As far as a hunt and peck typist or for someone that speed doesn't really matter, it might be fine, but for someone who works on production, this one just did not work for me. Went back to Logitech which is not divided but has just a slight curve to the keyboard. Seller was great to deal with, emailing me a return shipping label so no problems there whatsoever.
From the pictures it looks like the same, poor placement of the "6" key that Microsoft continues in all of their "ergonomic" keyboards that have a small separation between the left and right handed keys. If you ever go to a typing class, read a book on typing, or do a computer typing program, the 6 key should be pressed by the right hand.  Microsoft never seems to learn that and puts it on the left side of this keyboard.  I even called them up and created an enhancement request for it years ago, but they don't seem to be able to get their thumbs out to do it correctly. The overall keyboard feels smooth and the keys are easier to use than a square keyboard. However, everytime that I need to press the 6 key, I have to relearn where it "is" as oppose to where it "should" be. If you learn typing correctly, be cognizant that the 6 key is a constant nuissance. Microsoft makes a wavey and contineous ergonomic keyboard that is "as" comfortable. Ridiculous as this sounds, if you ever try to press the "6" correctly as most typing teachers suggest, you will surely get a strain with your right finger--hence, this definately would NOT be an ergonomic solution.
The mouse works great, but the keyboard is nothing to be gaming with!  just fyi, the keyboard will pick and choose when it is willing to respond to you typing on it.  I use it with my HTPC, so I'm not that worried about it, but sometimes I get impacient with it when it wont type for me after waiting for 10 seconds and then all of the sudden it regurgitates half the things you did all at once.  annoying.
Loud keys are a serious issue, but I sent this back and exchanged it because of issues with the spacebar. I found if you hit the spacebar off center it would stick. This was the case with either my left or right thumb. This happened often enough to seriously slow down my typing.
My wife really loves this keyboard and didn't have any problem adjusting to it.  However I have used a normal keyboard all my life including every day at work and I found this keyboard really frustrating and could never really get used to it.
I purchased the keyboard just THREE MONTHS ago and the  space bar is starting to malfunction. It either sticks and won't create a space or, as in the sentence above, sticks and creates too many spaces. This is with only average use. I have two other computers, an office desktop at work and a Toshiba NB205. The keyboard on the Toshiba, comparatively, is excellent and has lasted well through two years of constant, vibrant use. Other keys on the Microsoft "product" also gummy now. Poorly "Mad e in China," under the Microsoft label/gi mmick.
I've bought Microsoft ergonomic keyboards for years. My previous one lasted two years before keys mysteriously died -- not great longevity, but acceptable. But my newest one has become useless in just over 5 months. Today multiple keys on the right side just died on me, seemingly out of nowhere. Reading these other reviews, I guess they have a quality control problem with this board now; buyer beware.
I purchased this keyboard and mouse combo to go with a HTPC (home theater PC) setup I built.  The keyboard will work if you are about 8 feet from the PC (which I have the USB receiver plugged into the front of the PC), but if you lean back on the sofa and want to surf and type from about 10 to 12 feet away, the keyboard will not type.  You have to lift the keyboard up in the air and closer for the buffered letters to appear on the screen.  Could just be my purchased keyboard and mouse have some build defect, but either way, I am purchasing a new combo solution, because this does not work for me.  If your distance to your PC is less than 8 feet, you will probably be fine.
The product that I was sent was the SW Box SW-K808 keyboard with horrible English instructions that were difficult to understand and even follow. I was disappointed by the fact it wasn't FAVI brand, but wanted to see if it performed as well as my other FAVI keyboard and it wouldn't even power on. The instructions stated that it had to be fully charged before turning on for the first time. The battery charge shows maximum. The troubleshooting states to charge for an additional 15 minutes. I charges it for 3 hours more and it still will not turn on. Very unsatisfied, will not buy from this seller again.
I had been using my wife's Ergo Keyboard 4000 at work but got my company to buy one for me. The new keyboard feels identical to the old one except for the noisy space bar. And I mean noisy! My cube mates are complaining about the sound and one of them has the same keyboard. The space bar on the older models feels cushioned while the new one is plastic-hitting-plastic. If it were not for the cheap and noisy space bar I'd say this was the best ergonomic keyboard on the market but this is awful.
Outside of the poor documentation, this item worked out of the box on a few different Linux distros, and Windows XP.  Other than the occasional hiccup with the connection, this item worked flawlessly.  Unfortunately, this was only true for about three months.  One day, the device simply dropped its connection and has never recovered it.  After days of troubleshooting, I gave up.  Furthermore, amazon does not provide the option to contact the seller after 30 days.  I know have a worthless keyboard attached to a laser pointer (a feature I did not care about in the first place.) tl,dr; Buy this at your own risk.  There seem to be a number of reviews indicating the same failure that occurred with my device, and customer service seems to be non-existant.
Be warned that this product HAS KNOWN issues with connectivity!  I started experiencing issues with connectivity on the 2 time I went to use the device, the device would simply refuse to connect (not a distance issue as I was literally 2 feet away from my PC), the RF communication indicator light would flash yellow instead of green.  I did some research and found that it's a common issue with this device.  After shutting the device off for a few minutes I was able to get a connection.  The next day the same thing happened but this time the device refused to connect, just kept flashing yellow despite following the instructions on the manufacturer's site (Rii Tek), trying to switch channels (Fn + F1/RF), connecting the receiver to different USB ports, restarting my PC, and even trying different PCs! I love everything about this device, for the time it worked it was great and easy to use...however I can't recommend it to anyone until they fix the connection issue it has.
I got this to operate a Mac Mini that is serving as my HTPC. I haven't yet used it within a suite like XBMC or Boxee, so it might be more effective if you were predominantly using arrows and not a mouse, but the trackpad is not very functional. It's delayed, tends to move in spurts, and is VERY hard to put on a small icon or button. Trying to fire up your browser, for example, will take you a while. In addition, the range is horrible--maybe 3 feet, which is to say it does not reach my couch. On top of that, if you have any other Bluetooth gear around, it becomes a paperweight. I am not returning it yet, thinking I might be able to find a use for it in the future, but I will say I got an Apple bluetooth keyboard and a Logitech wireless USB mouse, which might not be combined into one small unit, but they work very well. On a random side note, I received a USB 8-in-1 memory card reader in the same package, which I had not ordered. Might have been a free gift.
I bought this ergonomic keyboard because I thought my wrists were hurting from using a standard keyboard.  I liked having the shortcut keys that reduced the amount of mousing I had to do, but the spacebar was hard to press and the keys felt a little gummy.  After a couple weeks of using this keyboard, my wrists and arms felt worse so I stopped using it.
I bought this because this was a well rated ergonomic keyboard. Everything about it was great except for the space bar. The space bar's design doesn't allow easy depression from the corners of the key, so it was no longer ergonomic for me as I have small hands, so I had to push the space bar harder or try to hit the center of the key. None of the tweaks on the internet worked to make the key easier to depress, but my co-workers enjoy it, and it is worth noting that I have small hands. So if you push the space key with both thumbs, hit the center of the space key, or have hands bigger than mine, you probably won't notice an issue with this keyboard. Everything else about it is great. It's worth a try.
This is a review for HTPC users so do not let it deter you if you want this to would work in basic office presentation situations and so forth.. as long as you are in the same room as the dongle it works great. this is a good little device BUT the track pad did not perform well and the range was less than 20ft if you were wanting it to go through a wall. The dongle was plugged into my PC  in the office and while i was in the livingroom (right next to the office) I only had VERY spotty reception. If you plan on using this in a different room than you dongle is plugged in then i recommend the logitech dinovo. The only reason i say this is because I have the logitech dongle plugged in my computer and the device works in EVERY room in the house even the garage, you will not get this kind of range with the Rii Portable...
This key board is not for me. The curved keyboard with keys at different heights is a pain in the butt. Also the key feel is not good at all - too soft that provides little feedback. Typing  is quite difficult with the keys at various heights it actually slows me down. Call me old school but I will stick with the normal keyboard. At least it was cheap so I am only out $13. This is one time where all these high reviews don't match up to reality.
Keyboard worked on and off from the first day. Had to return it and purchased a Microsoft keyboard and mouse combo which I am very happy with for just $10.00 more. I definitely do not recommend this Logitech MK320 keyboard and mouse.
I received the keyboard, inserted the receiver into de pc, it worked for one hour and it broke! Everytime I insert the receiver my pc says devices broken/unknown. Is there a solution to this?
This is probably my fifth Microsoft Natural Ergonomic Keyboard.  Every one of the previous keybords had the keys fade to the point of not being able to determine what the key was.  I am sure the same thing is going to happen to this one in time.  I will return it with the warranty period if such a thing happens again. Not a good product.  Microsoft Natural Ergonomic Keyboard 4000 
Pros: -Ergonomic layout -It works (for now) Cons: -Tilt and Spacebar key were popped out on arrival (Don't think I was the only one with this experience) -Stiff Keys -Feels cheap -Fuction keys are too small Comments: What is up with microsoft's quality control?? The tilt and spacebar keys were popped out when I opened the packaging. I actually thought the tilt key was missing until I found it on the floor! The board and keys feel real cheap, I don't even think this keyboard will last 2 years. The spacebar that was loose, I popped it back in but it feels like it will wear out fast. The keys on this board aren't spaced out enough, and they also feel real stiff. So they might start to get stuck if not properly maintained. You really get what you paid for. So do yourselves a favor and pass on this keyboard. Pay more for a better quality Ergonomic keyboard. I wish they still made keyboards like my old Silitek SK-6000 which lasted for over 8 years, I'm going to miss it alot.
Spontaneously opens new windows and tabs in IE9 and Firefox Touching a key or even a slight jar or tap will cause a casacade of browser windows and/or tabs opening to the home page. As a matter of fact, it's doing it right now as a attempt to write this review. Ironically, the home page button does not work and the volume/mute buttons are dead as well. Impossible to work with. Filed a return for replacement, but it's 'out of stock' until further notice. Not a happy camper.
I ran a search for PS/2 keyboards and this one came up. It has USB cord and will not function with a PS/2 adapter. Other than that it is probably a good keyboard, though it ruined my Christmas since it was the only gift I got.
WARNING: DO NOT LET EVEN A LITTLE WATER OR LIQUID DRIP ON THIS KEYBOARD. It will almost always stop working and may never work again.  I have tried all the traditional dry-out methods (rice, for example), and have even disassembled the keyboard, cleaned it, and reassembled it.  This has worked for me with almost every keyboard except this Microsoft keyboard.  For some reason, it's extremely sensitive to getting wet and nearly impossible to correct after the damage is done. So - just keep it dry?  Sure, but as hard as I try to keep this thing dry, I don't always succeed.  For example, I recently placed a glass of iced tea on my desk well away from the edge that is above the keyboard drawer.  I walked away for a few minutes, and when I came back, the sweat off the side of the glass pooled and the tiny river of water just happened to route itself to drip a few drops off the desk onto the keyboard.  That keyboard never worked properly again. It's not a fantastic keyboard.  But it's certainly a good ergonomic keyboard for the money.  I like this keyboard enough to keep replacing it, but it sure is annoying having to replace it because a little water drips on it.
I'm pretty annoyed that I spend money on a premium product from a premium company and the little rubber feet fall off of it within 6-months.  As soon as I lost just one of the feet, the keyboard wobbles when you type.  If you take the other ones off, the keyboard slides around on my desk. I mistakenly figured that this happen all the time and microsoft would be all setup to just mail me a package of the appropriate feet.  I was even willing to pay some reasonable fee, but NO LUCK.  In fact, the rep acted like it was the stupidest thing ever to call the company for this kind of replacement part.  She suggested 5 times that I just go down to my local computer store and get the feet.  I seriously doubt that BestBuy or any other place has the exact feet that fit in the groves for this keyboard and if you don't line-up the height right that keyboard is off balance. Scratch microsoft off of my list of customer friendly companies.
I use it to control my PC from the living room sofa when the TV acts as a monitor. The concept is good, having (almost) a full keyboard and a touch-pad in a device of the same size as a regular remote-control. However, the rage of this device is very limited. The PC sits in a corner of the same room, 10-15' away. I use the front USB port, and even when I have clear line of sight with it, the keyboard works on and off. It even matters the way you hold the unit in your hands. It is somehow frustrating, but after a while, I end-up accepting the inconvenience and learned to deal with it. The battery life is good. I suppose the designers could have sacrificed some battery life at the expense of a decent wireless range.
Features are great including new keys introduced above keypad and soft handrest. However, the spacebar is difficult to press 30% of the time.  The spacabar is the most used key on the keyboard.  This occurs when you tend to press the spacebar near the top of the spacebar (closer to the next row of letters) vs on the lower half. The key is bigger too than normal keys which magnifies the problem.  You just wouldn't expect hot spots on keys and the spacebar has hot spots and cold spots.
I had been using the Adesso 2.4 GHZ WIRELESS SLIMTOUCH TOUCHPAD MINI KEYBOARD for several years.  While I like it I thought 'd give this keyboard a try. Pros: It does feel more like a regular keyboard which helps with typing. Set up was so easy: I didn't so anything other than plug in the wireless plug into the USB adapter and plug that into my PC's USB. Cons The mouse pad is off to the right which I didn't like as much as the Adesso above which is in the center.  And I'm right handed. The shape is rectangular which helps with normal typing but is, in my opinion, not as nice as the more squarish Adesso for placing in your lap. Also the two finder scroll seemed to be somewhat jerky compared to other keyboards but I haven't tried using the software. As with nearly al other home theater keyboards I which it had a backlight so I can see the keys in a dark home theater setting. ==UPDATED 9/27/2011 == I originally missed the fact that it does in fact use AES-128 encryption meaning that it would be impossible for anyone else to eavesdrop and steal your passwords, account numbers, etc.  Thanks to Steve below for catching this.  I assume that this means that each keyboard is only able to be paired with one receiver and also that each keyboard is given a random and unique key at the factory. I can't comment on battery life since I haven't had it long enough to test it.
The mouse and keyboard work, but feel very cheap. The mouse is way to small to be comfortable and the keys on the keyboard are pretty loose. I ended up giving this keyboard and mouse away with the Logitech MK350. The mouse is much bigger and the keyboard is much more solid on the 350.
It seems some people have had good luck with this keyboard, so maybe I got a bad one, but it was total junk. If you don't mind sitting directly in front of the receiver, it works great. Move more than 2 feet away and it gets choppy. 5ft or more, no luck, it doesn't work at all. Tried it on two different machines with the same results. Tried different angles, usb ports, all with the same result. The unit itself is actually quite nice, and would have been perfect for what I wanted...if only it worked.
I have very small hands that type hard. The thing about this keyboard is that for some reasons, when you press the center of the space bar, it doesn't require much effort.  However, since I have small hands I can't always extend my thumbs to the middle of the space bar, pressing the sides of the space bar now become painfully tough. The other keys felt tight as well. However, were it not for the space bar, it would have been acceptable. So I'm in total agreement with the other reviewers who said that the keyboard can be too tight for some users. On the plus side, this is almost a silent keyboard. For someone like me who can't stand listening to the typing sound of keyboard, this is a lifesaver.
Nice idea - an ergonomic keyboard to help my suffering wrist. However, the keys were sticky and noisy, and the spacebar stuck about every fifth time it was struck. The stuck spacebar alone made the keyboard a failure. After returning and replacing the keyboard for the second time, (because of the spacebar) I realized the spacebar has a design flaw. You may also find that the wide keyboard means you reach across your desk to reach the mouse. I find the reach takes this keyboard out of the ergonomic category.
Bought this for my HTPC, used exclusively from the comfort of my couch 10 to 15 ft away.  Following other reviewers, the first thing i did was adjust my mouse sensitivity settings. Awesome: + this keyboard is small & looks like any other remote sitting on a coffee table. + typing on it feels just like typing on a smartphone. Im not about to write a dissertation with it, but short emails and web URLs are no issue + it works + the laser pointer is handy for messing with my dog + backlit display + the 4 way arrow button makes browsing the web easy(er) & partially saves the disappointing touchpad Not so Awesome: - goofy mouse button locations - touch pad isnt very responsive & cheap plastic feeling - remote needs a direct line of sight to the receiver. A wood coffee table will interfere with the signal. Easy solution is to buy a USB extension cable and velcro it to your tv or wii/xbox sensor bars - why is there a laser pointer again? couldn't remove it to make room for a better antenna or or battery something? Constructive ideas for the next version in case the design team (or a competitor) reads this: * move the mouse buttons to the upper left corner so i can move the courser with the right hand and click with the left. * improve the touch pad or replace it with either a trackball or a trackpoint joystick * improve wireless signal so I wouldn't have to buy a USB extension cable to mount the receiver to the top of my TV * the "world's first Touchpad 90-degree flip design" is a worthless feature for this keyboard. I guess the intended use for this is for giving presentations (along with the laser & built it storage of the USB receiver dongle) however its a crappy mouse no matter which way its pointed and there are much better mice for presentations.  Also, a presenter wouldn't need a keyboard as they typically bring along a laptop. The laser and flippable touchpad aim at presenters, the keyboard and small form factor appeal to HTPC users, however this keyboard kinda misses the mark on both accounts. Its functional and small so I like it well enough, however I cant wait for v2.0 *****Update 7/5/11***** After very light use for the 3 weeks Ive owned it (used it to surf HTPC maybe 5 times) It has become unresponsive.  It only works when plugged into a power source.  It's as if the battery has come disconnected. Not even the laser will work. And yes I charged it during trouble shooting, which was odd because the LED charge indicator light did flash when plugged in.  While plugged in, the remote works fine. Sent it back today & amazon says estimated ship date for a replacement is august 8 thru 24 "due to a change in supply" despite product page showing its in stock at time of this update. WTF? 30 to 55 days for a replacement?!?! I thought Amazon returns were fast & easy.  Regardless, Ill wait it out as I'm hopeful they are underestimating shipping dates as they typically seem to do.  took off an extra star due to the seemingly lack of QC. *****Update 7/20/11***** I received replacement unit 7/15.  However it is a different model (but same model #). the laser is now a single LED flashlight. the icons on the mouse buttons have changed. Works fine...for now.
It's a hit or miss with this one. The mouse worked great but keyboard had terrible lag - up to 30 seconds where it would buffer all the input then spit it out where the cursor was when it unfroze. I read that some people have experienced reception interference. Unfortunately, you really don't know until you buy the unit and test it at home. Too bad - I really like the feature/price of this item.
Like every other negative review on this website, the problems with the battery are VERY real. And like every other response on the website, the battery is not replaceable so if you have a problem you basically have a QWERTY keyboard paper weight, congrats! It worked great the first 2x I used it, and then magically, it stopped working. I tried to plug it into 3 different computers, and noticed that every time I did the red charging light would stay lit for about 3 seconds and then shut off. So, either the battery is fully charged (but the backlight doesn't stay on, so unlikely) or the battery doesn't hold a charge. Either way, back it goes to amazon this week....
I'm already on my second keyboard of this model, after the first one stopped working after a only a couple of months. The second just started giving me problems after 2 years of easy service - not acceptable. Though the design is very comfortable (though takes getting used to) and has been able to relieve me of wrist pain, the unreliability means my next keyboard will be a Logitech.
I was wary after reading reviews that said it stopped working for them after a short time, but since there were other reviews that said it worked fine I decided to take a gamble.  It didn't pay off; it worked fine in the media computer I was building the first time I tried it - I was pleased.  Then I was busy and didn't have a chance to get back to my media computer project for a couple of weeks, during which time the computer was off (as was the keyboard), and the USB dongle was plugged into the computer.  The next time I powered up the PC (after re-charging the keyboard), the keyboard wasn't seen by the computer, and the flashing LED indicated that it wasn't connecting via the dongle.  I re-charged it to make sure it wasn't the battery, then tried in vain to get it to work again.  Nothing.  Never connected to my PC again, no matter what I tried (and I tried everything short of bringing to my lab and diagnosing the problem). Seemed to be a failure of the 2.4 GHz RF connection between keyboard and dongle (either the keyboard's or dongle's transceiver).  I'm a technical guy (Masters level software engineer who's designed and developed products not so different from this), and I liked the idea of this device - unfortunately the electronics design and/or quality control of this product is very poor! Don't waste your money!!!
I decided to do my body a favor and buy myself an ergonomic keyboard.  While my keyboards work decently, I was overcome with problems; the mechanical M1 keyboard was a poor keyboard for typing (the feeling was off and I was making an abnormal amount of typos) and my basic Logitech keyboard, a membrane kind, started off nicely but turned rather crappy as time went on.  It was time for a new keyboard. I was in a pinch between going after a new mechanical keyboard or an ergonomic one (you can have both, but the cost is prohibitive).  After some thought, I went with a cheaper route and for this keyboard.  Upon opening it, it looked great; sure, it wasn't PS/2 compatible, but the wrist support was superb. Build quality was great throughout, although it's no mechanical keyboard.  It was wonderful to put my hands on the wristpad (which was lightly padded and covered with faux leather--it's really better than it sounds), ready to type. Then I began typing. Problems began to surface.  The keys were too stiff; I don't remember any keyboards that required break-in periods. They are usually shipped new and that's the best condition for the keyboards; it goes downhill as they age.  The keyboard layout, I could nitpick about, but seeing as it's an ergonomic keyboard, there's no reason to (it's probably better to adapt than to whine about it).  The dealbreaker, though, is the spacebar. It's an ill-conceived, ill-designed, ill-manufactured piece of junk.  Not only is the force required to type with it high, it often refuses to be pressed. Sometimes it gets stuck. Overall, whatever good thing I had to say about the keyboard, the godforsaken spacebar tosses it out the window. I should've listened to the online reviews and pass up the opportunity to get this keyboard.  It's a shame the keyboard types nothing like it looks--it looks beautiful and functional, but that's about it.  Fix the spacebar! Then I am willing to give this keyboard a shot again.
I'm a gamer, and I can tell you that if you're going to put your keyboard through any kind of heavy use, this isn't the one for you. Being a gamer, the WASD part of the keyboard goes through significantly heavier pressure than the other side.  The hinges that prop up the keyboard have bent beyond repair not even from two months of use.  The keys are also getting stuck. Bad keyboard, undeserving of it's high rating.  Not buying any Logitech devices ever again.
Overall, the keyboard is good. The keys have a decent feel, although I prefer either the old IBM click keys or even Apple's keyboards, which are softer but still offer tactile feedback. It won't win awards for how it feels to type on. As for the ergo part, it is comfortable, although I prefer a little more split even. The keys have to be pressed harder than most keyboards, so I do find my fingers a little more tired than normal. The major issue with the keyboard is the spacebar, which due to poor design, doesn't always register keypresses when pressed at the edge. After 2 months with the keyboard, I am still not used to it and often "miss spaces". I have enjoyed the specialty keys, though, particularly the mute/volume keys. Lots of the custom keys go unused, though, because the software to assign them isn't all that flexible. The more I write in this review, the more I realize I really don't love this keyboard! I'd definitely recommend you try it out in a store before going for it.
I appreciate the effort that went into designing this keyboard. The layout is optimized for lengthy sessions without causing typical fatigue associated with standard keyboard layouts. Unfortunately, my unit has poor tactile response. They feel sticky and require considerable effort to press which makes typing a chose. I've had others that felt fine, but this one, for whatever reason has not delivered the expected level of quality. I gave it away to someone else who types much less than I and he hasn't complained.
I give this keyboard 2 stars, mostly for effort.  Everything is good about this keyboard except that THE KEYS ARE WAY TOO FIRM. I am surprised that the term "ergonomic" was allowed to appear on the box of this product.  The keys are stiff, and the spacebar is agonizingly stiff.  This product should probably be reported as unsafe as a result.
I bought this keyboard almost two years ago and have loved it. Just recently the letter B stopped working and the down arrow key. Just all of a sudden, no particular reason that I can think of. I thought it was just a fluke and I tried reinstalling drivers, changing the usb port etc... I didn't realize that this was actually a common issue with this model until I returned here looking for another one. I guess I won't get the same model this time, instead I think I'll get the Microsoft Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000.
I got this for my HTPC because I didn't want to bother with a mouse and keyboard in the living room. The range is good enough for me; about 12 feet. The buttons feel solid enough, I guess. For the money, I'd expect something that felt more substantial in your hand and isn't as easy to interfere with... I guess... who knows what anything is really worth anymore. Let's put it this way. If someone remade this exact product to feel and work better, I'd easily be pay $100 or more. I just get bummed out when something this cool on paper feels even a little lame to use. It's pretty easy to block the signal during normal use if you put your index finger across the front like a game controller. +Good battery life +easy to use once you get used to it +convenient +backlit +really smart Fn key functionality -cheaply made -needs to be "aimed" sometimes -occasionally sticky keyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyys -QWERTY keyboard in an off-beat grid layout I only recommend this item if you really need its specific feature set in a sub-$100 item and you are willing to adjust to its... personality. My overall experience is that this is an ***overpriced mock-up of an amazing product*** :-( But I won't rate it lower than average because the concept is very smart.
While I am enjoying some of the features of my new keyboard, such as the programmable buttons, I am still finding it difficult to type due to the placement of the keys. Also, it is a very wide keyboard, which forces me to place my mouse far away to the right of the keyboard. The worst problem I am having is with the hard touch of the keys, especially the space bar. Instead of solving the problems I am having with my neck and hands, I think it has made them worse.
Don't think about buying this to work in your living room with a computer hooked to your entertainment unit. The range is limited to about 4 feet, yes, with new batteries. Everything else is Logitech rock solid.
I bought this keyboard because I suffer from mild Carpal Tunnel (pain in your hands and wrists).  This keyboard really helps if you suffer from that condition.  I didn't think a keyboard could make such a difference with that condition.  The TWO things that I'm NOT HAPPY about are:  1.  The white lettering on the keys has come off and now most of the keys are just blank (luckily I know where keys are without looking down).  2.  The keyboard is noisy, the keys are not as soft or quiet.  The Space bar is definitely very noisy.  IF this keyboard was super cheap, I wouldn't complain about these two issues. Several of my coworkers also went and got this keyboard and we all agree, that for the price, the quality should be better then this.  There's some cheaper keyboards out there that might not be ergonomic, but are made w/ better materials.  OVERALL: I would NOT buy this keyboard again.
I'm a Natural Keyboard fan and like the placement of the keys. Typing is no problem, but the smaller sized Function and arrow keys make it difficult to quickly execute a command or navigate around the page. I prefer the keys on original MS Natural Keyboard.
This is a good ergo keyboard for the price. The only aspect that is really, really annoying is the arrangement of the 4 arrow keys (LEFT, RIGHT, UP, DOWN)-- the separate arrow keys that are not embedded in the number pad. The arrow keys are unusually small, and the arrangement is weired. It's very hard to get used to them. I think MS made it that way because there's not much space. The arrow key arrangement sometimes makes me regret the purchase although I like its ergo feature very much. I'd pay for extra $ to improve this key arrangement or have the usual arrow key arrangement at the expense of the separate number pad. Maybe it's just me. Try those keys first before buying this. If you don't get bothered by that, it's a good keyboard to buy.
Helps w/the CT thing, but slows my keying speed down as I have short fingers & never did keep fingers in place.  Glad I decided on the wired instead of the wireless dollar wise as I suspect that would be the same & returning items is a pain.
I bought this product because I have mild symptoms of RSI and read good reviews about its ergonomic design. But I decided to return it within one day of use because it severely worsened my symptoms despite the supposedly ergo design. Since the keys(especially spacebar) are pretty tight even compared to regular non-ergo keyboards, it increased the intensity and frequency of the pain I experienced earlier. I agree the shape of the keyboard, key arrangement and palm rest are very comfortable, but the basics went wrong here. If one has to exert thrice the effort to press a key than a normal keyboard and take its impact(trust me, its a huge factor to consider if you have any symptom of RSI like shoulder fatigue or pin prick pain randomly in the arm) none of the above ergo design can compensate it. Being a student, I didn't try to invest in other $200 ergo keyboards. Instead I went for good posture (keyboard-elbow-wrist alignment, relaxed shoulder etc.) and a few chiropractic sessions(go for it only if you know a good practician). Now I can use a $5 dell keyboard with reasonable comfort.
It is a decent product. The keyboard is bulky and some of the superior buttons (1-2-3-4-5) don't feel like they are made of much quality material. However they are working good. The keyboard keys are a little noisy which in my case I like. I work with numbers so the four keys that are above the numeric keyboard are very useful for me, as well as the calculator button. The play and pause button is great also because it stops the music even when your music player is minimized which is a great thing because you dont have to stop working to play/stop the music. I would be great if it had a prev and next song button too. **UPDATE** - After a month of use my hands hurt.... So I went back to the old flat keyboard. I think ergonomic keyboards don't work for me. As someone said "don't fix it if it ain't broken" - The previous button in the bottom most of the times get stuck.
A wireless handheld (QWERTY)keyboard with touchpad and laser pointer,  bought with thoughts of computing while removed from immediate proximity to my monitors/keyboards and not having to balance a  fullsize keyboard in my lap..  The Rii keyboard is constructed of plastic (as expected) and feels rather insubstantial, however,  at 6" x 2 1/2" it is very comfortable to hold and use.  A built in lithium-ion battery is rechargeable through a USB cable;  back lit, the keys are clearly visible at night or in a darkened room.  The touch pad I found surprisingly useful and accurately dependable. However... The keys, while of adequate size and nicely convexly shaped, require quite a bit of pressure to register a key stroke causing a necessary carefulness, slowing input considerably.  I have also experienced  intermittent problems with several keys not registering regardless of strike force; a problem that up to now has resolved itself inexplicably.  I do understand the reasoning behind the inclusion of a laser pointer (presentation) but in practice have personally found it  nothing more than a harmless inclusion that is never used. I had hoped for a tool that would allow me some physical freedom from my desk.  The Rii RT-MWK01, however,  is a tool that is clearly intended to compliment a computerized presentation and outside a meeting/boardroom, it probably has little real practical use.
I'm a medical transcriptionist who types 190 words per hour for 8 hours a day.  My Elite broke so I replaced it with Microsoft's new ergonomic 4000.  The space bar is difficult to press so when I double space, I only get one space.  The function keys are farther out to the sides so when I reach for the F9, I hit F8 instead. I'm having a lot of difficulty striking the "x" and the outside keys that require the pinky finger (hand size issue?) I hate the new design so much that after 3 days on the 4000, I bought another "old style" Elite.  For some of us a keyboard is like a piano.  We need the design to be reliable and efficient and to stay the same.  The 4000 is a big FAIL with me.  I'm going to buy 2 of the old Elite style so that I have a backup.  I have to replace my keyboard once a year due to wear and tear issues.  Apparently, Microsoft only makes these things to withstand a year's heavy use.
worker very well i loving it all control work very very well i like logitech keyboard it work well im very happee with it
this new and improved keyboard is horrible and has a totally different ergonomic design than the old white one. I disliked it from the get go, and have been using it now for a couple of months just to see if I'd get use to it. I haven't, and like another reviewer, the space bar doesn't work very well. This keyboard has slowed me down substantially and causes me discomfort. I am going to see if I can find one of the older keyboards. Like everything else Microsoft has tried to make better, IE9, Win7, they have made it worse.
I'd like to report a couple of issues with this keyboard:   - Space key is poorly designed. It takes different amount of effort to press it: easiest in the middle,hardest at the left and right edges (almost getting stuck)   - It's higher than a regular keyboard so it doesn't fit into my keyboard tray Other than that it's "more ergonomic" than a regular keyboard - it takes noticeable less effort and finger-bending to type.
overall, this keyboard is very good, and i would give 4 stars if the price was less than 30usd because of its shape & reverse tilt feature, if this keyboard is on the keyboard drawer, this is probably the most confortable keyboard out there. however, this keyboard also suffers from few quarks 1. big keys like space bar and shift keys are not pressed as smoothly as others 2. quieter than MS's previous natural keyboards, but still not as quiet as it should be 3. no usb hub unlike natural keyboard pro 4. status led lights are difficult to see 5. functional keys like custom keys are not lit that it is difficult to see & software takes is a resource hog. Logitech Wireless Touch Keyboard K400 with Built-In Multi-Touch Touchpad (920-003070)  it's really quite tragic.  at first i thought i'd finally found a keyboard that actually worked perfectly.  but, much to my extreme dismay, i found the touchpad was also opening/closing windows. if it weren't for this godawful touchpad feature (which can't be disabled!), i'd give this product a 5 star rating.  however, because this hideous feature basically makes this product useless, i give it zero stars.  why have this feature when there are buttons to open/close windows? i plan on returning this piece of trash  soon as possible - unless i decide to throw it in the dumpster where it belongs - and continue my seemingly endless search for a keyboard that actually works.  PLEASE make a similar product - just without this sick joke of a feature - or at least have some way of disabling it.  'til then, thanks for nothing. p.s. - i plan on posting this review EVERYWHERE i see this ridiculous product being sold. it's really quite tragic.  at first i thought i'd finally found a keyboard that actually worked perfectly.  but, much to my extreme dismay, i found the touchpad was also opening/closing windows. if it weren't for this godawful touchpad feature (which can't be disabled!), i'd give this product a 5 star rating.  however, because this hideous feature basically makes this product useless, i give it zero stars.  why have this feature when there are buttons to open/close windows? i plan on returning this piece of trash soon as possible - unless i decide to throw it in the dumpster where it belongs - and continue my seemingly endless search for a keyboard that actually works.  PLEASE make a similar product - just without this sick joke of a feature - or at least have some way of disabling it.  'til then, thanks for nothing. p.s. - i plan on posting this review EVERYWHERE i see this ridiculous product being sold.
I've used the same keyboard at work from Fry's, and figured I'd save a few bucks off retail by getting this on Amazon.  I was disappointed to find the box shipped in an OEM box, and found the '2' key breaking after about 2 weeks of very light use, which made me think these are refurbished jobs, and not full retail products.
It you're just going to be using it for a few seconds at a time it's nice. I wouldn't use it for anything besides that. The control is just klunky.
Before purchasing, I read the many reviews that warned about how this keyboard stops functioning after a few months of use.  I decided to chance it and bought the keyboard anyway.  I hoped the durability issues were just flukes.  Unfortunately, they are not.  After 8 months of use, the keys stopped working correctly.  Whenever I typed E, EW appeared.  At first, I thought my typing skills were going bad.  Then, the JK keys got stuck together.  Eventually, the keyboard became completely unusable.
When I first opened the box for this keyboard, there was a warning label on the front that you should install the software first. When I hooked this keyboard up to my PC, it did not work at all until I installed the software. I guess it was a good thing that I had another keyboard handy. If you're buying this keyboard to replace a defective one and don't have a spare keyboard handy, you could be up the creek :) And even after installing the software, the keyboard still didn't work at all during the bootup sequence. That means I was not able to enter the BIOS on my computer, nor was I able to navigate the menu that controls which OS I want to boot into (I have a dual-boot setup). I don't know if this will happen to anyone else (maybe it was just my machine), but I thought it worth mentioning. However, when I hooked the keyboard into my KVM switch (IOGear - see my review of it on this site also), it had none of the problems that I mentioned above. As for the keyboard itself, I tend to like my keys to have a 'springy' feel to them, but these keys are very soft. However, these soft keys aren't bad, just not as good as the springy ones. The wrist pad feels very soft and comfortable, and my hands don't hurt after long periods of typing. The one thing I miss about the Logitech keyboard this one replaced is that the Logitech had a knob to control the volume, whereas this one uses buttons that aren't well placed on the keyboard. To be fair though, I've noticed that most keyboards on the market today use buttons instead of knobs. I'm not sure why this is the case. Overall, it's a pretty decent keyboard, so long as you don't have any of the problems I did with it originally.
This keyboard and mouse would be great if it didn't cut out every 5 minutes.  I'm constantly seeing them malfunction where they just stop working for 15-30 seconds.  For an online gamer, this is a major flaw.  I don't know how this has so many 5 star reviews.  Maybe I got a lemon..
I cannot tell you how many times I wanted to smash this keyboard against the wall or break it across my knee. The right shift key is maddening.  Every time you need to capitalize a letter using the right shift, you have to stop typing and either look for the right shift or use the left shift to capitalize the letter. I HATE this keyboard and cannot recommend this to anyone. I waited too long to send it back so I'm now stuck with it.  I was going to give it to my son to use, but felt he would think I didn't love him by giving him such a frustrating keyboard. I have since purchased a Perixx PERIBOARD-716 wireless keyboard. Haven't received it yet, but cannot stand much more of this maddening piece of Logitech plastic junk.  It just may get wall or knee cracked before I get my new Perixx. DO NOT BUY THE LOGITECH K400 KEYBOARD... IT WILL DRIVE YOU CRAZY. DON'T SAY I DIDN'T WARN YOU!!!
I was given one of these at work.  WHile it does keep your wrists straight, the keys are EXTREMELY SOFT TOUCH.  Words often blur togheter and I have to spend extra time correcting them bevcause of this soft touch --- especially the most important one - the SPACE bar is so soft.  I would never buy one on my own. Not sure I am going to keep it; may just turn it back in.
I have had a problem since I got this keyboard a year or so ago.  Sometimes I have to unplug it and plug it in several times until the computer recognizes the device.  Today, I have plugged and unplugged it 100 times and cannot get the computer to recognize it (I have it attached to a notebook via a port replicator).  This is annoying and i find myself shopping for another keyboard which is an annoying hassle.  : |
I too am a writer. I thought after a few months that I would become accustomed to the keyboard. I haven't. It is a neat idea, but after 40 years of using the standard QWERTY keyboard I have not been able to make the transition to this style. In typing this I made 8 mistakes. It is too easy to hit multiple keys, and the force needed to press the space bar and some of the keys is unnatural. I would not recommend this keyboard. But then, Microsoft is not known for their hardware.
I bought it a few month ago, but I can't use the mouse anymore because it was broken a few day ago. The keyboard is still working. If I need to buy a mouse or keyboard, I will never buy this.
I love the design. I give MS 100% on that. My problem is that the keyboard is buggy. I use it with a laptop running XP that I set in a port replicator. I guess I type fast. I didn't think so, but when I use the 4000 keyboard, the <shift> key lags after I release it to give me a "THe" instead of a "The." Sometimes it capitalizes the whole word or puts the symbols above the numbers. To compensate, I have to pause after I capitalize something or use parentheses. I went into the IntelliType Pro setup utility and there is NOTHING (I typed that, not the keyboard) to address that. I thought it was the 'accessibility' stuff and I went in there and (I think I) turned everything off. I think. It's still buggy. I thought the CAPS LOCK function was the problem and turned it (and all of the other features I don't want to use) off. Still buggy. Most recently it locked up and caused a partly completed email to be sent. Then, after power-down, it worked for a little while and then the "t" key stopped working. I guess I got a defective one; the one where 6-sigma didn't apply. If I could remember where the receipt is, and where the box is, I could make a 60 mile round trip out to the store and exchange it for another one. What a PITA. It seems to be solidly built and the ergonomic design is outstanding, but give me a keyboard that doesn't have all of the bells and whistles that can go wrong!!! That takes away from all of the other good things. MS: Two stars for you! SIMPLIFY!!!
After about 5 months the cluster with "Home", "End", "PgUp", "PgDown", ect.. stopped working. The rest of the keyboard is fine, and the formerly afflicted keys function correctly when another keyboard is plugged in. Disappointing.
Pros: I wouldnt really know.  Looks nice and the info based on what I read about it made me buy it. Cons: Amazon.com screwed up and mailed it to the WRONG location.  There was also a razer mouse that was sent to the wrong address and the CS rep had informed me on the phone and also via email that he would have the mouse sent to my correct address.  Instead, he send this package TO THE WRONG ADDRESS.  FUBAR Amazon....
I do not like the bubble!!! If it was split but FLAT I would buy three & stash them away. I'm currently using a Belkin which is not as good, but it's the only one I can find that's FLAT.
This mini keyboard works well under linux, although the touch-pad is very sensitive. My OS only sees it as normal keyboard/mouse combo., so no control over touch-pad input. Over all, exactly what I expected
You should definitely avoid this keyboard. It's biggest flaw is that it's frequently unable to communicate with your computer. I have to be very careful about how I position it. Just setting the keyboard on my lap, for example, causes it to stop working. What's worse, some, but possibly not all, of your keystrokes may get buffered and sent later, which can be extremely frustrating for gamers and the like. I frequently want to throw it against the wall. Also, another minor but glaring flaw - no light indicators for num lock, caps lock. Who forgets that, really?
The unit works nicely on the two machines I have it on, however, the Unifying Software only works on the XP machine and does not work on the Windows 7 Machine.
Despite the keyboard being about 2 feet from the receiver, it intermittently loses connection and buffers the keystrokes until I lift and reorient the keyboard.  Annoying for typing, but useless for games.  Mouse seems fine.
I have used natural keyboards for a decade now and they have truly saved my wrists which were getting carpal tunnel syndrome. This black 4000 board is okay but it has a lot of unneeded keys - no big deal. What I hate is that I am wearing off the lettering from the A,S,D,C keys and others are starting to show wear. I never had that with the old white keyboards.
It was a wonderful, inexpensive keyboard that greatly improved my poor typing skills. Unfortunately, the "e" key stopped working today. Well worth the low cost for 2-3 years of service.
I had issues with this item malfunctioning right out of the box and had to call Logitech customer support for assistance. Ultimately I ended up exchanging the MK320 for another Logitech keyboard. Now and then you can expect to get a lemon from any company. As general a rule, Logitech products are very good and their customer support people are first rate.  I wouldn't hesitate to purchase another product from them... just not the MK320!
This keyboard is well built and seems to be ergonomic, but if you are a hunt and peck type of person, its not for you. If you are skilled at qwerty typing, it will take a bit of getting used to, but I think you will eventually like it. It takes up a lot of desk space so if your cramped for space check its demensions first. Its very long. I passed it on to my kids and bought the Logitech Wave, also from Amazon.com. Going back to a regular style keyboard feels really cramped after using the 4000, but the way I type, its a better fit for me. I'm much faster on the logitech.   Amazon's service is second to none, I usually get the free shipping which is always way faster than it says. Also, the 4000 has some nice features besides being ergonomic. With the software, you can reprogram any of the keys to your preference. The zoom in the center is nice, too.
I've had this KB for about 3 years or so, but don't use it very much. I've found that the "silk screening" on many of the keys wears off - A, S, D, F, E for example. This is very annoying to me as I'm not a world class typist by any means. I need the keys to tell me what they are!
This keyboard is okay.  I hate that Microsoft 'feels' like it has to take over the stinking world...as in...I put in the driver cd and it kicked out my Kensington Mouse software before it would install the keyboard software.  This has happened with another MS keyboard I tried to use.  Aside from the software irritation (and I got my mouse re-installed) the keyboard itself is, as mentioned before, okay.  It isn't as severe as some of the other ergonomic keyboards...not as deep of a curve and fits pretty nicely with my hands.  I'm a big fan of the 'extra' keys across the top, and got used to the media keys on my Kensington keyboard (FF/R).  I wish Kensington made an ergo version of their keyboard.  The extra keys didn't work on the first MS keyboard I purchased.
Even though this keyboard looks exactly like the wireless keyboard I needed to replace, and it is listed second when I searched for "wireless ergonomic keyboard", this keyboard is NOT WIRELESS!  I really liked the keyboard I had, but had a tragic coffee accident when trying to change the batteries.  The wireless keyboard uses a usb transmitter, so when I saw usb, I, non tech dummy that I am, assumed it was the same.  It was not.  It doesn't use the standard keyboard plug,which would have been acceptable, but needs a precious dedicated usb connection.  It went back immediately, now it looks like I'll have to buy the keyboard and mouse package if I want to replace the one I ruined.
I bought one of these and the keyboard lost connection with the receiver.  You would type and nothing would come up on the screen.  Then you would watch and all the letters would spurt out.  I ended up buying a cheap USB extension cable to get the receiver closer to the keyboard.  The box says 33 feet or something but we had trouble with 8 feet or so.  No microwave to interfere here but we do have a majority of metal studs so that could cause trouble.  Just thought I would share that.  We bought more and learned quickly that we had to use the extension cable.
I bought this because I Thought it would be nice to use on my media PC because it was the size of a remote control.  First thing I notice is that the laser pointed does not work at all.  Advertised that it had one.  I don't need it but if you tell me it is going to have one I expect it to work.  That was the first clue about the quality of this.  Then I use the keyboard after fully charging it and with direct line of sight this would not work right to keyboard or mouse.  Combine that with the small mouse pad and keyboard and you have to get up and point the device to get it to go more than 10ft away.  End of story I returned this crap quality device for a small logitech K400 unit a bit larger with full size keyboard and trackpad built in.  It works perfectly from around 20 feet away (all I tested) and the device works perfectly with my Mac Pro, Linux box, Mac Mini, and Gateway laptop.  Great handy keyboard to have laying around.  Just pop the usb dongle in and both mouse and keyboard fire up.  This mini piece of junk I had to return.
Love the ergonomic design and the shortcuts at the top but the letters "e,l,k,and d" wore off in just a couple of months.  And a few months after that the "c" and "v" stopped working.  Disappointing.
The keyboard loses its connectivity all the time and often times cannot reconnect even after rebooting the computer and/or performing the FN/F1 reconnection process.  It's a waste of money. Useless.
Been over a month a still no item. I will never order from this vendor again and would never suggest anyone else order from this vendor. Over a month in this day and age to get a device in the mail. What a joke. Okay I got the product and it does not work. The only thing that does work is the laser pointer. Purchase from this vendor at your own risk.
This keyboard is a decent ergonomic, but I would expect better for this price. Especially from Microsoft. It is nice that the feet to angle the keyboard are in the back as opposed to the front like many ergonomic keyboards. It is more comfortable that way. However, like many others have noted, the key layout of the arrow keys, the 6 keys above them, and the function keys (F1 - F12) are not the standard size/shape. This slows me down considerably. Also, the wrist rest is not removable or replacable. Overall Microsoft could have done a LOT better. Major thumbs down.
This keyboard is pathetic.  Feels cheap, awkward angle, clunky.  The 'curve' is not much of a curve and offers little "split" from a standard keyboard.
Piece of crap, it started acting up less than 1 year.  Stay away from it unless you love to waste money.  I have older keyboards which I bought many years ago and they still work.
My keyboard is heavily, heavily used. I've been using the Microsoft Natural Keyboard Elite for many years now. I've probably gone through about 4 of them. I use them so much the keys develop a shiny, smooth surface (in other words, the slightly nubby texture gets worn off). I decided it was time for a new keyboard, so I thought I'd try the Microsoft Natural Ergo Keyboard. What a mistake that was! The keys are clunky, and you practically have to pound on them. The space bar especially was a nightmare. I would tap the space bar with my thumb, which you know is the strongest digit, and ugh, the bar would not move. I literally had to remove my hand from the keyboard and use several fingers to push down on the space bar. I ended up giving the keyboard to my brother (it would have cost me at least $15 to return the keyboard to amazon) and plugging my old keyboard back in. If you are interested in this keyboard, I highly recommend going to a store and trying one out first. I did do this, but the keyboard display was such that I couldn't simulate a real-life situation.
I was unable to get this keyboard to work with my mac mini.  I instead purchased the Ergoguys KB-OR-1500BT and it works great.
I've had this keyboard for only 8 months and now the "a" and "t" key don't even work and the "q" key only works sometimes, but for the months I have had this keyboard it was pretty nice. Overall it's a nice keyboard but will fail quickly.
DO NOT BUY THIS COMPUTER IF YOU HAVE A LIGHT TOUCH AND/OR SMALLER HANDS. THEY BLEW THE DESIGN WHEN IT CAME TO THE SPACE BAR! If you hit the edge or near the side of the space bar it will not spread the force of your touch-it simply does nothing. I've tried other keyboards, demo keyboards at BestBuy and Frys, same thing. After 4 days of my thumb going numb I'm returning this keyboard and will revert back to my orignial keyboard.
Like so many others, some of my keys died after a year or two.  Namely, the left control and left shift.  Too bad because I think the feel is great.  Don't give your money to Microsoft for something built so cheaply.  They shouldn't profit from a product like this.
I thought this keyboard was excellent and a steal at $15.  But after 6 months or so several keys stopped working (colon/semicolon + some keypad keys) despite only light use and no spills.  I took it apart once just to look, didn't really do anything but magically the keys started working again.  Unfortunately within 2 days they stopped working again though.  Apparently I'm far from the only one experiencing failed keys.  The quality just isn't there.  Can't recommend it.
This is a very comfy keyboard -- a joy for the wrists. However, I found using the apostrophe and quotation marks very annoying -- there is a delay, i.e. the apostrophe/quotation mark does not appear until you have typed the next letter. Not the end of the world, but takes some getting used to. It's a small price to pay for the overall comfort.
As is customary, I did a ton of research and after much agonizing, ended up with this one. Sent it back within 2 seconds. I really couldn't/wouldn't get used to the split style. And above all, the crappy spacebar was clunky, loud and felt incredibly cheap -- which is ot what I wanted in a quiet keyboard. A waste of time.
LACKS TWO winFLAG keys!! Almost zero click feedback from keys. I have no space bar complaints as I use my thumbs to hit it. Occasionally I will hit the 'new' equals sign instead of NumLock (there is a separated row of four buttons atop the number keypad) Rarely will I use the keyboard's back button (think mouse) as it is more conveniently reached that the forward key [for me] -- even with "big" hands. Without drivers, the only way I use keyboards- and mice, all the grey feature keys function as expected except those numbered one through five and the star key below that group. At Win XP Pro EOL I shall NOT be "upgrading" to Win7 so I can only hope OSX will inherit the functionality. I AM VEXED that there is no right-side Windows Flag Key.  Sure I could have used S-Spline graphics software to enhance the relatively tine fully sized image, but I expect a full sized, especially natural keyboard, to sport TWO Windows Flag keys.  WinFlag+L is a common right handed only stroke. If there were an easy, as in ZERO bloatware, solution to reassign the USELESS AFAIK context menu button that sits where the WinFlag key was on my last keyboard I will be happy. It does not amuse me to install bloatware to be able to use the scroll wheel in windows [on the Microsoft Comfort Optical Mouse 3000 I bought in combination with this Microsoft Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000].  The microsoft native driver does not offer this feature.  HOWEVER the native drivers picked for my Razer DiamondBack InfraRed Laser mouse has ALL buttons working out-of-the-box in XP. I realize the Razer DiamondBack is ORDERS of magnitude superior to this mouse -- this mouse is not a replacement for any Razer mouse, but native windows support for the Microsoft Comfort Optical Mouse 3000 is SEVERELY LACKING. I highly recommend the Razer DiamondBack InfraRed Laser mouse I do not recommend the Microsoft Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000 if you rely on a right side Windows FLAG key like I do.  If that is not an issue, and you require neither key tap resistance, nor key tap click feedback then you will be happy with this natural keyboard -- the additional 'curve' of the keys offered no challenge to me already familiar with microsoft natural keyboards,  I appreciate the 'front loaded' height of the keyboard, but the padding leaves much to be desired.  One can feel pad flex with considerable applied pressure but if you're looking for a cushy wrist- or palm rest please consider buying an additional pad.  As I was not comfortable also raising the keyboard from the bottom/back stands look elsewhere for a review on that. The LEDs on the keyboard for CAPS, NumLock, Scroll Lock, and Function lock are not trillion lux very much unlike the mere scroll wheel on my Razer mouse.  A thin strip of electrical tape can easily be applied if the are too bothersome as there is only one sloped surface with which to contend. The keyboard was "built with windows 7 (aka vista) in mind".  When the next windows is NOT built with hollywood fascism in mind I might consider it if I have not already abandoned microsoft for apple -- the latter will easily run XP in VM. I have no problems switch hitting between a microsoft natural keyboard and a straight key layout keyboard.  I eventually plan to add DVORAK layout keys to this keyboard. * If you are aware of a LIGHT weight utility to change the context key to a win FLAG key please leave me a comment.  I prefer my utilities not store anything in registry and keep all its associated files in the same of sub-directory of the executable itself.  I'm neither and itard nor an overclocker so a shiny interface is not necessary; functionality for low system impact wins the day. .............................................. Whenever possible I buy from listings with "shipped by amazon" to Effect customer *service*.  The two jacksons and two washingtons I spent was worth it to me.  Stores with perverse shipping rates- or terms are more often than not disinterested in your happiness pre-sales or after receipt of item.  Kudos to amazon for assuring customer satisfaction.
This is the second one I have bought the first one the "uio" buttons stopped working I didn't have the box to send it back so I ordered another one only to have it not work out of the box now I have to send it back. Hopefully third times the charm otherwise I'm going logitech next purchase.
I purchased this item on January 28, 2012.  It did not work right out of the box.  I emailed Favi Entertainment since that was the manufacturer on the ad and on the receipt.  I asked for advice and was promptly sent instructions on how to reset the unit  My unit did not have the reset button or LED light on the dongle as described by Favi.  I sent a photo of the unit's back label and dongle and was immediately sent back a message from Favi telling me I had bought a fake Favi keyboard!!!!  Amazon is selling a fake knockoff item  I hope to Get my money back. According to Favi the real keyboard has an  LED light on the dongle and a small reset hole on the dongle also. The company mine came from was called WorldMark and surprise, there is no such company listed and it no longer appears on Amazon (after only a week). As far as I am concerned all these cheap Favi keyboards sold on Amazon through no name companies are all fake,  crappy knockoffs.  BEWARE!!!!  Don't get cheated by Amazon like I did!
This keyboard suffers from laggy/interrupted input even when the keyboard is only a few feet away from the receiver. After Googling, I discovered that other users have suffered from the same problem. Don't buy this keyboard. I have an IO Gear keyboard with a built-in trackball that works *much* better. Usually I can count on Logitech products, but not this time...
Great keyboard. Loved it! But it broke after only 3 months. Several keys suddenly stopped working. Tested it on multiple computers so definitely the keyboards problem. Going to try an Inland which looks the same, is half the price and has gotten good reviews.
I can't imagine why an ergonomic product, designed to ease physical effort/strain would require greater effort/strain in the most frequently pressed key, the space bar. I won't regurgitate the design flaw, since others on this board have mentioned (which I regret having accessed only after receiving the keyboard), but I have put it back into the box to return. I usually try to avoid the hassle of returning things, but this keyboard is just too seriously flawed to overlook. Kudos to those of you who aren't bothered by it.
I was hoping this keyboard would help me with shoulder pain while typing. The spacebar is very stiff and oddly designed. You have to hit it at just the right spot and at the right angle or it sticks/hits on something below it that does not give. Very painful over time to my shoulders and very disruptive to my normally fast typing. I should also say that my fiance, who has large hands, felt the spacebar was a problem for him as well. But I found that in general my hands may have been too small for comfort with the layout of this keyboard. I also found that the keys were not as comfortable to hit over time as I had hoped. But the spacebar was the real "sticking" point that got me to decide to pack it back up today in order to return it. Very disappointing.
The trick with this keyboard is to go into it with low expectations. It's a cheap wireless pocketable keyboard. The best thing I can say for it is that it mostly works, which is about what I expected. The keys don't have any feedback, and there are some more and less sensitive keys. So sometimes you'll push a key and it will register twice, sometimes it won't register at all. The trackpad works, but it doesn't track smoothly. The mouse buttons sometimes register and sometimes don't. A double-tap on the trackpad counts as a click, and I'd rather it didn't. I've found the range to be acceptable but not outstanding. I can get about 20 feet out of it. For my purposes that's enough. What I did find extremely handy is that it worked with no hassles on both my Windows 7 PC, and my Viewsonic gTablet. On the gTablet, I even get a pointer when I use the trackpad. Of course that's thanks to Android rather than the keyboard, but nevertheless it made me happy. So for the price, as a tablet keyboard for very light use, I think this keyboard is worth it. I wouldn't pay a whole lot more than $30 for it, though.
It is a good cheap usb keyboard but the layout is a little hard to use and uncomfortable. But for the price it is hard to beat. update: August 2011 the the two i purchased in January 2011 both failed and intermittently have a key or two not working usually on the top or bottom rows and one of them the space bar didn't work out the box which made me really annoyed so i tossed it, which drives me crazy and shows the drop in quality when my 4 year old models comfort curve 1000's still work and are just worn cosmetically and a little mushier. I think microsoft has to make some supplier changes because the level of quality has definitely dropped sadly, i've been using microsoft comfort curves for the past 7-8 years and this makes me sad because they are to me the best cheap keyboards on the market. Right now i switched to logitech K200 keyboards which aren't as comfortable but at least i didn't get a dud from an unopenned box.
This keyboard is excellent except for the space key, which is used the most. The issue is that this key doesn't push down without large force. My fingers get tired quickly with keep pushing this space key. Sometimes I had to use both my fingers to push it. It also makes noise when you push it. After 1-2 days trial, my finger's muscle gets tired and never want to use it anymore.
It's difficult to disappoint me with gadgets like this. Usually it's my wife who wants something more simple with intuitive design. But while I cannot claim it's broken it doesn't perform claimed actions - 1. Actual maximum range is about 6-8' (same as regular wireless keyboard) 2. Battery dies too fast without any warning 3. Keyboard either because of weak signal or because of mechanical issues locks down from time to time generating hundreds of clicks as if you push and hold. We still use it somehow. But there is no minute that I don't have to point, extra click, click again.. In other words experience is really bad. Beta product
Well this was a nice find, even though I didnt get an actual Rii Portable I got a knockoff, it has flat plastic glass looking square tile buttons, the backlight looks very cheap and dim. but I guess I will deal with it until I can get my hands on a real Rii Portable
Just received this keyboard yesterday. I will be sending it back. It really is junk. The unit is cheaply made. When I tried to test the laser the button pushed all the way in an broke off inside the unit! The range is horrible. I lose connectivity at around six to seven feet. Nothing past that. There is no charger included only the cable so if you don't have a USB port that stays powered on you will have to leave a machine on all night. That may not be a problem for many. In any case. I would stay away from this device.
Overall, this is a clumsy keyboard and mouse. For those that are touch typists, the feel of the keyboard is spongy, rather than springy, and the keys have quite a long travel. Each keystroke requires a firm press, and the "snap-over" is poorly defined. When you release the key, it seems slow to come back. The keyboard spacing is good - better than the compact keyboards that Apple is shipping these days. There is also a series of special function keys that allow you to access mail, calculator, web browser home page, etc. While these are a nice convenience feature, they cannot make up for the fact that this is a really bad keyboard to type on. The mouse is very small - about 3 inches long, 2 inches wide and 1 inches wide. For anyone with medium to large hands, it is very hard to hold. Since you cannot rest your palm on the surface of the mouse, you wind up holding it from above with your fingertips. Very tiring! Wireless connectivity is implemented with an unusually large USB "dongle". The device can be snapped into a slot in the base of the mouse for transport. Unfortunately it protrudes quite a lot, so that the mouse cannot be set down flat, and it seems likely that the dongle would come free if the mouse were tossed into a briefcase or backpack. Not recommended.
When I unpacked the Microsoft Comfort Curve 2000 Keyboard, my first thought was, "Wow, this looks cheap." When I started typing on it, I thought, "Wow, this feels cheap." Of course the Comfort Curve IS cheap in price. However, I've used many computer keyboards in this price range, and they've seemed positively luxurious by comparison. The Comfort Curve is as cheap-looking and cheap-feeling as they come. If you're a fast typist, you'll find this keyboard maddening. The key travel is very shallow and insubstantial; even a typical laptop keyboard is much faster. Then there's the distractingly inconsistent touch and sound of the Comfort Curve's keys. Some are nearly silent; others make a loud "clack"---and it's completely random. The spacebar is particularly loud and clunky. (Guys, is it really that big a deal to add a few pennies' worth of padding to these things?) But what about the cool curved key layout? Comfortable, right? Wrong---for me, at least. My work arrangements require me to divide my time between a Microsoft Natural Ergonomic 4000 Keyboard (at home) and various standard keyboards. The NE 4000's "split hands" design really does let you keep your wrists straight. Standard keyboards feel cramped and unnatural by comparison, but I put up with them. The Comfort Curve felt just like returning to a standard keyboard. The rows weren't nearly curved enough to make a difference in wrist position or comfort. In fact, I found I could use a "straight" keyboard with my wrists at exactly the same angle. But here's what I found especially goofy about this supposedly ergonomic keyboard: It slopes UP and away from you, making you bend your wrists upward to keep your hands an equal distance from each row. The Natural Ergonomic Keyboard 4000 actually slopes DOWN and away---letting your wrists bend slightly downward, the most natural and comfortable position. But even a completely flat keyboard lets you hold your wrists in a more natural vertical position than the Comfort Curve does (and I'm feeling a bit silly typing that name by now). In this respect, it's actually ANTI-ergonomic. What was Microsoft thinking when they released this product? My best guess is that they thought it would appeal to people who wanted to type more comfortably---but who couldn't afford real ergonomic keyboards, or found them too unconventional. In other words, it's a gimmick. Completely. But hey, don't take my word for it. A lot of people here thought it was great. So go ahead and try one for a while. Just be sure you can return it.
The design is great! What a shame the space bar does not work, and makes noise. The overall quality is the worst. I would gladly pay more for this design that has quality build and a space bar.
I received the keyboard today. The space bar is a big problem. It gets stuck in the pressed position. it is also difficult to press it from sides. you need to push it in the middle which is totally contradictory with the ergonomic design. the design itself is quite good but the space bar, which is maybe the most commonly used key, creates a big problem. I do not recommend this keyboard to anyone. Go for the Microsoft Curve Comfort.
Had I written this review when I first purchased this product, I would have given it 5 stars.  However, after using this thing for about 3 months now, it no longer works properly.  I only watch tv and movies via my computer, which is hooked up to my tv.  So a product like this is essential for me.  And it worked perfectly at first.  But now, the touchpad is sluggish and not all of the keys work.  I'm just glad I didn't spend a lot of money on it.  I managed to find a Logitech remoteless keyboard and mouse set for less than $20 and that's what I'm using now.  I really miss the convenience of having a keyboard and mouse all in one and small enough to just store in my bedside table each night.  But I won't spend any more money to get another product like this.
The previous Microsoft keyboard was great. After many years, it needed to be replaced. I thought this would be a reasonable replacement. They've moved some of the keys. Why? I'm constantly hitting Home when I want Del. Worse still, the paint has rubbed off many of the keys. Nothing at all on E. S and D are nearly gone. M is unreadable. C soon will be. L looks like I. Shoddy, shoddy, shoddy.
I am not a touch typist, and I think I really hate this curved design. None of the keys is exactly where I expect it to be, and the sizes of the keys are uneven. The N key is twice as wide as the adjacent M key, for example. I'm glad I did not spend a lot on this. I'll see if I warm up to it, but I expect to replace it soon.
Bought this at Walmart on a whim so I can use a full keyboard on my laptop with my BT mouse, went home and promptly plugged in my laptop.  Not sure if it was residual static or what but having a tough time adjusting to the curved keyboard, I tried typing on my laptop keyboard.  Found out certain keys were not registering.  Turns out, whatever the keyboard did, it cooked (or maybe fried) my bios.  When I reboot the computer, it beeps like crazy on the bios screen (not even booted into Vista).  I searched on the web and found that it is shoddy workmanship.  It is about 10 hours since I first plugged in that horrible keyboard... my laptop no longer beeps like crazy on boot-up, so my "stuck key" problem may have resolved - crossing my fingers... Needless to say, this keyboard is going back to Walmart. See other posts: [...]
The keyboard works well if it has a good line of sight to the receiver. but put anything in its way and response on screen is choppy. does not have a scroll wheel function on the touch pad. Nice handy keyboard mouse combo otherwise.
The delays in typing using this keyboard are awful.  I'm using it with a desktop and my pc tower is in a cabinet about 2 feet from the keyboard.  Sometimes I can't even get it to type!  I'm going to have to buy a new one.  My last logitech worked perfect...the key letters just got worn off.  The one should get zero stars.
What were they thinking when they designed this keyboard?  The arrow keys are not in the same layout as the standard keyboard, and the 6 keys above them 3x2 instead of 2x3.  This is enough to screw up anyone, especially if you're like me and have multiple systems and keyboards you use.  Oh if they only made the Natural Keyboard Pro still.  That is the best keyboard ever made.  I'd use a newer model of it, but they also ruined the layout when they added the shift feature to the function keys.  Would have been fine if the default was for the function keys, but no, they made it for the others, which have always been shortcuts on your keyboard anyway.
This remote's range is terrible.  Sitting about 8 feet away it doesn't always respond, and if so much as a blanket or your hand gets in the way it stops working completely.  When typing, sometimes the keys stick and enter two or three times, other times they fail to respond at all.  A few months of use and now the touchpad and keyboard have stopped working.  It still lights up and the laser still works, but it's useless.  Of course I threw the packaging away and now I can't find any contact information for the company to return the product.  If anybody has the contact information for returns, please share!
If there are typos in this message, it is ecause some of the keys on this very keyoard are dead now. However, I have been used to using a natural keyboard (gee the b and the x are back) and this one, aleit (dead again) wired, is the only game in town. Others are either ugly or not curved enough. Yet after only two years of regular use, it stops working properly. If there is another option to my liking, I'd definitely try others first.
The space bar is loud, and you have to strike it hard pretty much dead center to make it work consistently. If you don'treally whackit,orifyou hit it closer to the sidethanto the center, you endupwith textthatlooks like this.
Didn't care for the ergo design.  I'm a two fingered typist na the ergo design is too big and the hump in the middle spreads the keys out too much and slows my type of typing down,  pluss the hump in the middle causes you to need light on two sides of the keyboard light on only one side causes shadows on the opposite side, if your a visual typist like me you lose sight of half the keys in a dimly lit room.  If your a touch typist and use all your fingers and don't look at the keys it's fine once you get used to the hump in the middle of the key board, but I can type faster with two or three fingers than I can with nine.
I was so excited when I received this item!  But that did not last long.  The touchpad only works part of the time and the on/off button broke off after 2 weeks.
I was really hoping this keyboard would work. It has a very cool design and nice feel. Fits nice in your hand and seems to be fairly durable. Keyboard has a nice feel to it, nice feedback from the keys. They are slightly raised so its easy to feel your way around the keyboard. The keyboard layout is not standard QWERTY, they key alignment is not the same as a pc keyboard. It threw me off for a little bit, but not a huge problem. It really was a nicely designed product. My problem was the range. I wanted to use this in my bedroom for a HTPC. I sit in bed about 15 feet from the pc, direct line of sight to the receiver. This keyboard almost never worked, not even with a full charge. It also seemed very directional... depending on how I aimed it and where I held my hands, it would go from working to nothing very quickly. The range on this item was so bad that I could not use it. Great design, but unusable range... had to send it back :( I tried both the BT and RF keyboards and had the same problems with both. Ended up using a free solution via my wifi and android phone.
So regardless of the reviews I took a chance on this as it seemed to be so close to what I was looking for to be worth taking a $40 chance.  I do still use it but I've got to say if given another chance I would probably look for another solution.  First, you do not need all of this functionality if you are using it for xbmc.  Something more similar to the apple rf controller would be perfect - either that or the boxee remote. Pros - it is very high end feel to it and the battery life is really good - one week on idle mode without needing to recharge and still going.  Also, it's a full keyboard and mouse set up, which is good if you have an xbmc set up with windows apple or linux and plan to go back and forth in and out of xbmc to use it for other computer purposes (like browsing the internet).  It also works flawlessly when connected.  Very fast response time using a 30 ft. USB cord and being 10 feet away from the dongle - for normal applications and for xmbc it is indistinguishable from the regular keyboard and mouse.  It also connects as a regular keyboard and mouse so xbmc will pick it up automatically without any additional installs. Cons - don't listen to anyone about this being an RF remote or even possibly go through walls.  It will not even go out of line of site.  30 meters is also not true.  Not even 30 feet.  I would say if your application requires you to be more than 10 feet from the RF dongle, this isn't for you.  I have a theater set up in a separate room from the xbmc computer, so I HAD to get a usb extension cord and run it through the wall.  Even then, you can't put it under a theater chair or hide it behind the subwoofer or something.  It MUST be in line of site.  If you have a way of getting a usb extension near where your projector is, that would likely be the best set up, but for me that isn't an option and the cord is truly a major haze. The second big haze is that the mouse buttons and layout is horrible.  I can't imagine someone making this tried it as you need alien tentacles to manipulate the left / right mouse click, enter, and -/+ buttons.  Would have been better to put them on either end of the keyboard as they are a bit too close together without clicking more than one button at one time which makes it difficult to get around xbmc.  Again another benefit of the apple remote or the boxee remote. The other, and I think biggest haze is that the USB connection will get lost every time you start the computer.  You have to pull the dongle and then reinsert it for it to pick it up.  I've tried this so far in a windows xbmc and in xbmc live (linux application) and the same thing happens, so I have to presume it is something specifically wrong with the unit itself.  I haven't been able to find a fix for this, and their support is non existant, so unless there's something out there I'm not aware of, you will need to pull and reinsert the USB each time you start up xbmc. For me, the 2 cons outweigh the benefits, but that's my two cents.
It is an ok keyboard that has some minor flaws. If you like to work inclined keyboard do not buy it. Design is ok but it is not helping because the curvature is small. It is a slow keyboard that you can not press more than 2-3 buttons at the same time which is needed in couple of games. Thus, gamers do not buy it. While you are writing you feel cheap plastic. However, overall it is better than most of the cheap keyboards with limited multimedia options. It is perfect for net surfers and office use.
The product is just OK.  The touchpad is really good.  Similar to Apple touch pads where you use one finger to move the cursor around and two fingers for scrolling.  The keyboard feels cheap and it doesn't feel like a Logitech keyboard.  It feels like a cheap off-brand keyboard that you would pay $5-10.  I have actually purchased better keyboards for $10.  What you are paying for here is a good touchpad and a small/compact keyboard.  If you plan to use this as a primary keyboard you should definitely buy another.
Pros: 1) light 2) compact 3) integrated mouse 4) battery life Cons: 1) not ergonomic. Particularly the right shift and mouse buttons. 2) Okay range, nothing special. Does not reach everywhere in my family room. 3) Keys to small for man who wears XL gloves. Since logitech marketed this as a Home theater PC keyboard i figured it would reach the 13 feet from my couch to the receiver. I am just in range, another 6 inches and it get flakey fast. I use the right shift key 9 times our of ten on a normal keyboard. On this keyboard the right shift is useless because of its location. The integrated touchpad works like the equivalent of a budget laptop touchpad. The mouse button locations do not work for me.
I ordered the "retail" version of the MS Natural Ergo 4000 keyboard because I thought it would have the older style Windows key without the big circle. The keyboard I received matched the picture in the "business" version with the big circle on the windows key. I am keeping the keyboard, but be forewarned that the build quality has degraded over the past 5 years. The key presses feel much softer and less satisfying. There isn't much competition under $100, so either take what is offered or attempt to clean your old keyboard.
Great idea, but this device continues to disconnect, and the touchpad is very unresponsive.  Many times to even use the touchpad I have to press random buttons to get the device to connect, then I can use the touchpad.
The concept of this keyboard is good, but when using the keyboard shortcuts as provided by Apple, some work and some don't. The designers must still be using Microsoft computers.
Have to constantly watch the output of what I type as it will miss about every third letter even while typing slowly. It's really frustrating for passwords.
We purchased this keyboard. I have one in my office and purchased one for the house. The one purchased was refurbished and broke 2 weeks in. Certain keys quit working and had to break out the old keyboard. VEry Unsatisfied.
After reading a ton of reviews on this keyboard, I decided to purchase one anyway.  I got two whole weeks out of it before the "y" key stopped working altogether.  Undaunted, I tried another, the second board was slightly better in that all the keys seemed to work... most of the time.  The entire board is unresponsive and unreliable.  For anyone who types quickly, this is not the keyboard for you.  In addition, the lettering on the keys is rapidly disappearing.  I love the setup and the feel of this board.  Everything I look for except it's usability.  If there are any missing "n"'s in this review, you'll understand why.
I have 2 10 year old natural keyboards with the old keyboard layout and when I saw this new keyboard with the same layout I bought one.  Sadly, this keyboard is painful to use.  The keys - especially the space bar - require far more force to use that my previous keyboard.  I am a software engineer and used to typing but this keyboard has slowed my typing rate and wears me out after 20 minutes.  On the shelf it goes for emergencies as I'll continue to maintain my old keyboard.
Microsoft Natural Keyboard Elite  Purchased this keyboard in July. Had to buy adapter because it was  so out of date (several years) Have always used ergonomic keyboard. Needed white keyboard because of visual issues. This one is a lemon. This company is obviously off loading out of date and defective materials. I recommend avoiding them.
The keyboard is not working well for me. The keyboard locks or lags when typing like the receiver is not getting signal. I have the receiver mounted on the front of the PC on an HT system. Surprising it does not work.
The arrow keys are way too small and have non-standard placement. The function keys and the home, end, pageup, pagedown keys are also much smaller. I find it extremely difficult to use these keys. Of course, the split keys are OK. Personally, my opinion is, if this keyboard makes any operation more difficult than my regular keyboard, then it doesn't qualify as an ergonomic keyboard. I don't see any point in spending more money to end up with a degraded experience.
I bought this thinking that it would be pretty cool in my bedroom as I just purchased another flat screen and hooked my media server up to it directly and wanted a remote to use media center.  The price was great and so was the shipping speed but the actual product itself has some issues.  I keep my room very dark all the time so the fact that it is advertised as being very bright was very appealing to me.  Unfortunately it isn't very bright and many of the keys aren't really lit up at all.  And now that I have had it for a couple weeks one of the directional arrows has already stopped working which is a real inconvenience for me using media center.
I bought the MS Natural Ergo 4000 to replace a MS Natural Keyboard Elite. I thought the Ergo would be a step up but the extra features were not sufficient to overcome its drawbacks. I returned it to Amazon and have ordered another Elite. The spacebar on the Ergo is loose and clicks loudly each time I depress it. Depressing all other keys takes more pressure than I'm accustomed to using. The distance between keys and the size of some keys is different than the Elite. Perhaps, with time, I would have come to appreciate those differences, but the other issues were enough to preclude my taking that time.
I was under the impression that when it said wireless keyboard, it meant bluetooth.  I was wrong. This keyboard uses a wireless USB dongle (receiver) to know what buttons are being pressed on the keyboard (transmitter).  For it's purpose, it works well, but I was looking for something more portable than my other bluetooth keyboard for use with my Acer tablet. I had more fun playing with the laser pointer, though.
I did some research and found some favorable reviews so I tried this one out.  I had it for one day and went right back to my cheap, non-ergo keyboard (returned the MS4k shortly after).  The keys are too difficult to press and the space bar is essentially unusable.  Lest you think I just got a "lemon" I found many reviews on-line stating the same problem.  I have since tried this one out in stores where I see it displayed, just to check.  Every one has the exact same space-bar issue. BTW, after that I conducted some expanded research on ergo keyboards.  I am currently using the Kinesis Freestyle split keyboard.  I've used it for several months now and it blows all the cheap ergo's away,  And the Kinesis really does relieve the stress in the hands and wrist from typing.  I think amazon might even sell it. FYI, if you're serious about an ergo keyboard you really need to be prepared to spend a good amount of money (i.e. over $100).
It was a nice little equipment for the living room. I was happy with it right out of the box. It fitted right in to my hand and the keyboard was easy to use. Loved the back light too.  Plugged in the USB to the computer and charged it up over night. The following day I used it for the first time and realized the range was a bit short, but it's okay as my living room isn't too big and no real problem with the range offered by the device.  Ironically, while I was telling my wife how convenient this little device was, this device suddenly stopped working. The little button on the top left corner started flashing and it became irresponsive. I tried everything I could imagine to trouble shoot: I recharged it, no help; I tried the device on a different computer, same irresponsiveness; I went into the window's control panel and see if I could change any settings, none noted. So after about 2 hour of usage and the embarrassment in front of my wife, this device has been returned to the seller and I got my refund back from Amazon.
This thing works much of the time, and that's why I haven't returned it. While it's unresponsive at times and needs to be turned off and on again to make it work, and the trackpad won't work at all if your hands are dirty (and forget about it EVER recognizing trackpad taps), if you stick to it, you'll manage to navigate through your HTPC and get your movie started. Then you can turn the remote off and let the movie wash over you and forget your frustrations. I'm using it with a Mac Mini and have no problems connecting it and making it "work" (insofar as it works at all).
I should preface this by saying that I bought this keyboard as a replacement for the more expensive Microsoft Natural Ergo Keyboard -simply because the store I was at didn't stock the one I was looking for- and it has been quite disappointing. Being used to the "split-v" design of the ergo keyboards, the standard layout of this is both awkward and uncomfortable.  Further adding to the discomfort, the keyboard feels slightly concave as your hands sit on it (although to eyeball it, it appears to be almost completely level), as opposed to the stair-step feel of a standard keyboard or the convex feel of a true ergo.  The curve of the keys is extremely minor, so much so that it feels (on the wrists and hands) almost exactly like a standard keyboard.  It is also quite low profile which would be alright except that there is only about an inch of plastic to try to rest your hands on below the bottom row of keys, which means that your hands are sitting on the desk as you try to type.  To my wrists it is extremely painful.  Even after typing only as much as you have read, I am already feeling a strain on my wrists and the tendons in my hands. To be fair to the product, my wife (who uses a standard keyboard most of the time) has no such issues with the keyboard, and goes so far as to say that it is more comfortable than the standard keyboard she is used to.  So if you are used to a standard keyboard, this could be a good purchase for you to transition yourself to the layout of a true ergo.  In fact now that I have ordered an Ergo from Amazon my wife is going to use this one. So to sum it up: If you are used to a standard keyboard you could well benefit from the slight curve of this keyboard.  If you are used to an ergo, you won't find that feel here. You should either pay more to get the true ergo keyboard, or if you are on a budget, the Microsoft Wired Natural Keyboard Elite is only about 2 bucks more, and well worth every penny.
Love the keyboard functionality and feel as far as comfort goes.  It was easy to get the hang of even though I had not used an ergonomic keyboard before.  Absolutely despise beyond words, the "clunk" sound of the space bar.  If it was nice and quiet, I would give it a 5 star with no qualms.  Currently shopping for another keyboard.
After a few months the "" Key and "" key don't work. You can't tell what are the two keys are in this reiew because I am currently using this keyboard to write the reiew. But if you look at the word "reiew" I think you can figure out one of the keys. Off to buy a new one right now but wanted eeryone reading this to know what a piece of junk this is.
I Have the same problem Some of the buttons on the keyboard don't actuate unless you press them hard  it started out just the "o" then the "\" key the "o" key seems my mine convinced my finger "not sooo Bad. whops now the 'alt" key ......... Dont know pis... or pleased. darn it.... Update: had to return...
I am a programmer, and I touch type my code. I navigate through pages of text using only the keyboard. Switching to a split keyboard design was not difficult since I touch type anyway. I love the split keyboard part of the design--the old Microsoft Natural Pro keyboard has a great design, and works well for me. I've used other split ("ergonomic") keyboards as well. However, on the Natural Keyboard Elite, Microsoft has taken the standard arrow key and navigation key clusters and ruined them. The arrow keys are much more difficult to use than the standard, well-designed inverted T layout. While your fingers rested comfortably on the bottom row of arrow keys in the old layout, in the new your fingers don't really fit at all--you can only put two fingers on at once, and you need to move them in awkward ways to switch to the up and down keys from the left and right keys. Ergonomic it is not. Aerodynamic, maybe--after a short time using this keyboard, I certainly feel like throwing it somewhere to find out. Also, the "Insert" key has been removed entirely from the block above the arrow keys after they pointlessly randomized its layout. Insert isn't a super-popular key, but I actually use it frequently, and my fingers expect the entire block to be in the traditional layout. Why break the standard? Why move the keys around into a LESS useful layout? If you're like me and you end up typing on lots of different keyboards, AND you use the arrow keys a lot to navigate, it turns out to be quite painful to switch back and forth between the different layouts. And some of the keys I use frequently just aren't there. Bad move Microsoft. Please don't change things "just because you can."
I received this keyboard last week and am slowly getting used to it.  One of the main issues that I've seen described in other reviews is the space bar.  This is truly an issue.  MS decided to have the main key plunger reside under the center of the large space bar.  When the bar is hit away from the middle, the bar rocks and binds and results in missed spaces. If you have large hands, your thumb might hit the bar at the middle which will probably be more consistent.  For me, my thumbs hit off to the sides a bit which results in binding and missed spaces (unless you really bang it). I'm training my thumb to be more toward the middle, but it is a definite pain.  All of the other bells and whistles are cool, but what good are they if you can't type a space??
After using this keyboard on my couch pc for 2 hours, I am returning it. The position of the trackpad causes your right thumb to reach over too far and hurts (can't comfortably thumb type). I'm having the range issue noted by others as well; primarily with the trackpad, it misses finger swipes 20% of the time. My thumb hurts after using the arrow pad to scroll through web pages. I'd keep it if it only cost $5 or so, not worth the $30 I paid.
great price, but not the best design. hard to type and range is good no more than five feet away.
If you have hand issues, this keyboard does not have enough curve.  I like the padded wrist rest but that's all I like.  The previous model was better for arthritis and I cannot find a keyboard that really works like the older models.  Seems as though they are trying to outdo everybody else and end up with some modern looking piece of junk that really doesn't do much for aching hands.  Sometimes "cool" is not so cool.
I was excited about buying a keyboard with a touchpad so I could ditch my wireless mouse, however, I do a lot of actual office work with it, and it drives me absolutely CRAZY that the right shift key is not full size! It's the size of  a number key and it's too far over to the right. Maybe this isn't a big deal if you have very large hands, however, I end up hitting up arrow instead of shift, especially when trying to type and capitalize things it is super annoying to be returned to the beginning of whatever I'm typing!!! (Literally this happened twixe just during typing this review)
I have used an Ergonomic Microsoft Keyboard for several years now and have gotten so used to it that it is hard to type on a standard keyboard. I have two computers, one linux and the other windows xp. I use a USB KVM to switch between the two computers. The present MS Ergo keyboard I have is PS2. I bought this one because it indicated that it was USB. I found out after receiving it, that it is the same keyboard I had with a PS2 to USB converter. This PS2 to USB converter does not work well at all with KVM switches. A well documented problem on the web forums. I tried it and confirmed it has problems using it with the converter. I gave it away and bought the Microsoft 4000 wire keyboard. It is "real" USB and works fantastic with the USB KVM switch. So I would recommend spending the extra few bucks and getting the MS 4000 Ergo Keyboard. Plus it has lots of new features the old one lacks.
I bout this keyboard to replace my old Dell original ,when I try to connect it I didn't found adapter for PS2 port to USB(keyboard), I used adapter from my old one and when computer start to load programs it send me message "Keyboard failed". I call Microsoft and ask only for keyboard adapter, they sent me the same keyboard and now I have two of them with out adapters. I don't have time to send this back, probably it will wait for new computer with USB port
I cant understand the 5/5 ratings people are giving this keyboard. You CANT give 5/5 if the keyboard and mouse function correct as a keyboard and mouse. That's seriously retarded! Here are the pros and cons of this package: + Functionality wise, this keyboard and mouse do the job. Work fine from a distance of 3 meters. IO haven't taken it farther than that. + Installs automatically with no hassle. Plug and play. - The quality of construction is VERY bad. You have to hold it in your hands to know what I mean. - The printing etc on the keys is also VERY bad. - The keyboard feels flimsy and BENDS easily. Its NOT sturdy. I would suggest going for a sturdier make. I highly recommend checking it out in person before buying because you really cant tell its construction quality from the pictures.
I've had a pretty serious case of RSI for quite some time now and have tried many keyboards. for the last 2 years,  i've been using the microsoft natural keyboard and can definitely tell that it's much better on my wrists than an ordinary flat keyboard. unfortunately, my natural keyboard is starting to act funny, so i bought the natural ergo keyboard 4000. i had high hopes because it looks nice, i like the reverse tilt (i often roll up a towel and put it under the front of my natural keyboard to create the same effect), and it seems to have some nice feature. unfortunately, i'm going to return it to the store primarily because the keys are just too hard to push -- especially the spacebar. it's actually hard enough on my hands that as i started to type this review, i decided to stop, unplug the ergo 4000, and use the natural keyboard instead. maybe the keys will loosen up with time, but i can't afford to aggrevate my RSI in the process.
Worked great for the first day, now the trackpad only works about half the time. I have the keyboard less than 10 feet away from the receiver, so it isn't an issue of a weak signal. Quite annoyed as I waited almost 2 months to get this after ordering. Also, the casing of the product seems really shoddy, doesn't feel sturdy at all.
This is exactly the kind of product I had been looking for. Unfortunately, the unit I was shipped failed in one day.  The failure mode is a bad rechargeable battery and it is not user replaceable. Too bad.  Now I will wait for something similar from a vendor who provides either a better battery or, preferably, a rechargeable battery that is replaceable.
The first one I recieved had a defective mouse pad. I contacted the seller and they exchanged it for another one.( very smoth transaction no hassle) I am pleased with the performance but the keys are a bit sticky and the mouse is very touchy, but i understand that the keyboard will loosen up over time. I would recommend this product for a decent home theater keyboard.
Bought this keyboard a year ago as a spare, but didn't use it for 4 months. When I tried it, it quickly became my favorite keyboard. Quiet, easy to clean, and I really like the thin profile. Very easy on the wrists, I had little pain. But ... then like so many others have posted, the M key decided to fail. It sort of worked, if you pressed the very top of the key hard. That worked about 2 days, then the M key quit entirely and so did N. I quickly looked up were I bought it (Amazon), and the price (cheaper than shipping it back), and warranty (a year, which just ran out). Even with warranty, it would probably be cheaper to buy another one than pay the shipping for repair. This keyboard was not abused. I liked it from the day I used it and it really irked me to lose it due to failure of parts. Even worse, a lot of other people here and at [...] report the same issue. I ended up buying another keyboard entirely, just because it I really don't want to pay Microsoft $16 every 6-8 months for a faulty keyboard. If they had a model "2000-A" keyboard that resolved this issue at even $10 more, I would buy it. Its a great keyboard design for me, but I really need it to be reliable as well.
The keybard wrked well up until a few days ag (less that 2mnths ld) when buttns stpped wrking.  The 0 (I use a zer here t shw it) buttn desn't wrk (bviusly), the cntrl buttn, and the vlume dwn buttn.  This was all at nce, and fr n apparant reasn.  I like the idea f the keybard, and the tw finger swipe fr the musepad wrks really well, but if I cannt use a keybard as a keybard... well, what's the pint?
Logitech Wireless Desktop MK320 Keyboard The mouse has worked great.  The keyboard is ok, but the numeric keypad on the right has quit functioning.  I Logitech will replace it when I submit the required documentatio.
I have owned the Lenovo Multimedia Remote with Keyboard, and it worked well for a while, but I needed a remote with a lighted keyboard. The lights work well on this remote, but the range is an issue. It has poor control beyond 9 or 10 feet. Also, when it goes to sleep, you can rarely just wake it to get it to connect again. I have found that switching it off then back on (sometimes repeatedly) will reconnect it to the receiver. There are some keyboard labeling issues also. The @ symbol and ' symbol are mislabeled. If you want to type the @ symbol it should be on the "2" key. They are reversed. Pressing the apostrophe types and @ symbol and pressing the @ symbol types an apostrophe. This was frustrating until I figured out what the problem was. Overall I haven't found another remote with the features and price that this offers that is better. I keep it because it is the best option I can find. Bottom-line Great Backlight features Great options, for price Poor range difficult connect with the USB dongle receiver Keyboard mislabeling issue
I wished that I could share a true review of this product.  After all, I have had minor tendonitis within my wrists for the past ten years.  I now work at a programming job in which my use of a keyboard computer has greatly increased.  I purchased the Microsoft Ergonomic 4000 Keyboard to help ease the stress I place on my wrists using a standard non-ergonomic keyboard. My wife purchased this keyboard for my Christmas gift this year.  Unfortunately, the keyboard arrived in a non-functional state.  It is brand new, and it powers up, lighting a couple of the keyboard status lights.  My computer also detects the keyboard correctly.  But even after waiting for fifteen minutes, the keyboard still does not function. I rebooted my machine several times, tried the keyboard in multiple ports, and tried it on three different machines, including two machines without the Microsoft Intel type software.  I also tested my keyboard on another computer whose user owns the same model of keyboard. In all cases, the keyboard fails to function.  It appears to be a failed keyboard that has never worked. Now it will be my task to go about trying to get a refund or replacement.  I hope that I can avoid costly restocking fees, as this keyboard failure is due to a manufacturing problem, and not any negligence on my part. Maybe when I get a working keyboard of this model, I can submit a more positive review.
I bought this keyboard thinking I had found my holy grail, only to be surprised 3 months later (that's right, 3 MONTHS) when it completely stopped working. Took it apart, and realized there's nothing to fix - it's all a giant maze of electrical conduits. While the keyboard was super quiet, ergonomic and convenient, after only 2 1/2 weeks, the spacebar started sticking when pressed. I did not heed the negative reviews about it's quality, thinking they were exaggerating, and I paid for that lesson learned. It was good while it lasted. All in all, a horrible waste of money. I have now switched and fallen in love with the Logitech Wave Keyboard (which I've had 2 of for almost 3 years now! They look and feel like new).
Love the keyboard but I never noticed how often I hit the space bar until I tried using this keyboard. I returned the keyboard twice thinking I just got defective units. (I like all the other buttons and the layout so much...I WANTED to get a good one!) The third keyboard I bought had the same TERRIBLE spacebar. Argh! Well, Microsoft...three strikes and you're out! It baffles me how they could release a product that had so many good things about it but in the end leaves me completely frustrated! But wait...it's a MICROSOFT product...ohhhh...NOW I get it. Bottom line: if you use the space bar a lot (like after EVERY word) you will HATE this keyboard.
Definately do not buy this product to take the place of a key board and mouse combo.  The backlight on the keyboard is pretty awesome but I do find the touchpad to be unresponsive at times.  Overall I think the product is pretty weak and will leave you frustrated.  Given what I know now of this product, I wouldn't buy it again.  I also like how the price went down 6-7 bucks...They know it's garbage
I purchased this item in late September, 2011. It worked great when I first got it, although the laser pointer went out quickly (which I really don't need for my home living room anyway)then started working again a couple months later out of the blue. About 2 months ago I started having severe connectivity issues and now for about a month I have had to switch it on and off to get it to respond. I would get 3-4 manuevers then have to toggle on/off, then another 3-4. Then today it died. I am so frustrated with it that I plan to smash it into tiny bits. You can't even reach the company to find out if there is any further trouble shooting. I have come to the conclusion that it just is not made to last. I really worry for those using it for business on the go, because mine never even left my living room and it crapped out in less than half a year. I would recommend forgetting this and spending a few extra dollars on a blue tooth device. That's what I'm going to go for next... of course, I will be on my knees in front of my television on a wired keyboard until it arrives. Ugh.
I got this to use as a remote for a HTPC. The first thing I noticed when I opened the box was that it was smaller than I thought it would be. Not a bad thing, just surprised me. It was incredibly easy to set up, just had to plug in usb and was good to go, couldn't be any easier than that. I don't have many complaints really, I got just what was advertised. Something to remember is that this is a wireless keyboard first, with some media controls. If you are buying this to use primarily as a remote, you may be disapointed. The layout of the keys are in a grid pattern and require looking at the keypad whenever you want to type something. The touchpad is ok, pretty much on par with laptop touch pads I've used. Pro: Great price. Backlighting is nice. It has pretty good range. Battery life is great so far, holds a charge for long time and charges quickly. Cons: Key layout requires looking at keys when typing. Media control keys should be switched with Function Keys, I'm sure people will be using the play/pause button more often than F7. Range is good, about what is advertized, but I have found that if there is something/someone between keyboard and receiver than its about 50% on keystroke accuracy. With a clear line of sight I would but keystroke accuracy at about 90% Final Thoughts: I am very happy with the price/product. Sure there are things I would like to see changed but its hard to complain once you compare it to the cost of other wireless keyboards.
The original I purchase many years ago:  I had this keyboard for years.  It worked properly for years.  It has finally died, so I will be replacing it.  Mine lasted for several years.  I think that's a fair lifespan. This one: Space bar tight/solid on left side, barely worked/made slapping sound on right side.  What?  What I'm trying to say is that when you press the spacebar with your left thumb the space bar behaved normally and felt/sounded consistent with any other key.  When you pressed it with your right thumb it was harder to press, made an annoying slapping sound and behaved inconsistently.  I removed the space bar to try to improve it's operation, but no dice. If it was a cheaply priced keyboard I'd have given it a better review. I expect like so many manufactured products today, these are being produced at a factory that has less quality in it's manufacturing process, lower quality materials, and less quality control for completed products.  I loved my previous Microsoft ergo.  The "slapping" sound this one made annoyned me too much, so it's back in the box.
When it works it is a great advice, but my problem is that it won't stay working.  I can use it for a little while and then it will stop working all together.  I have to unplug the USB and re-insert it before it will work again.  Very frustrating.  Windows wouldn't recognize it, the USB ports in my computer would not accept it.  I have to use the USB ports on the back of my wired keyboard for it work. If I ever get it to function the correct way, I will update my opinion.
Arrived fine, and turned on/worked great for the first two months.  Includes a USB cable to charge the keyboard, but it will not charge.  Now I have an expensive paper weight and this thing is defective!
this is a well thought out device, an excellent design, backlit keyboard gives it a special touch, the only thing bad is the quality, the first time I tried to use the laser pointer, the button fell out, I could have sent back but in the end cost ends up being very high.
Do I need to write more? I have keyboards since I was in 6th Grade, about 16 years ago! This is by far, very far, the worst one. Keys randomly stop working, and start working again after a few days! WTF? I won't even go into anything else. All my keys are rarely working, and this has been a problem since about 1 month after I bought this keyboard. Look for something else, this is not worth any money.
love everything but the spacebar is kind of hard to press and takes decided effort .. kind of hard to press.. am i going to get arthritis or carpel tunnel from this?? i returned it once and this second one's the same.. not sure what to do..
I had this keyboard in my closet for about 2 years as a backup before I started using it.  It was a backup because the cord is much shorter than any keyboard I've ever seen.  You won't have a problem if you keep your cpu on your desk.  But I keep mine below the desk and the keyboard didn't come close to reaching. Even before I put it away, I was concerned about the quality.  The right shift key seemed to have been made poorly b/c it was much louder and had a different pitch than the other keys. So when I typed it sounded like "tap tap tap TAP tap tap tap TAP tap...." But I won't be doing much typing with this keyboard anymore.  I started using it and two keys went dead after less than 6 months of light use. The price is good and the halfway approach on the ergonomic keyboard is great.  Typing and key response felt nice while it lasted.  The quality is unfortunately lacking.
Even though many customers wrote about the difficulty in pressing space bar, I went ahead and purchased  this 4000 key board. I am regretting my decison for not listening to the people. You can not use the space bar of this key board easily. It  requires some effort, and you can only press it in certain angle.  Probably, even a cheap  key board will not have this problem. I do not know how this key board with a well recognized design deficiency is being sold .
I have owned this keyboard for 4 days now, I loved it at first, lightweight comfortable to use, the keys aren't loud when you're typing and then tonight I began having problems. First my "i" key began working intermittently, wasn't working at all then it began working again, and then all of a sudden my "y" key stopped working and hasn't started working again. For the $16 it cost when I purchased this keyboard I was not expecting great things, I was hoping to just get a keyboard that would prove to be functional for a while, even if I only got 6 months or so before it had any problems I would have considered that a success but 4 freaking days?  You've gotta be kidding me, for something made by a company as big as Microsoft you would figure it would be built well enough to last longer than a week before an issue that renders it useless set in (having to copy and paste a "y" any time you want to use one just isn't feasible). In summation if you're considering purchasing this keyboard do yourself a favor and don't, there are other cheap keyboards that I'm sure will last a heck of a lot longer than this one does, I definitely will not be getting another.  Apparently this isn't an isolated event either, seems to be a common problem.  Next time I'll do a little more research before just opting to go with a cheap keyboard.
The range on this thing is terrible.  Everything about it is good in principle:  the keys are big enough to easily press, light up nicely in the dark, and are still small enough to fit in something the size of a normal remote.  But connectivity is horrible sitting in my bed 10 feet from the computer with the receiver in the front USB port (facing me).  I recommend purchasing this product if you don't find that other areas of life provide you with sufficient frustration.
For the price this can't be beat.  My only issue with this device is the mouse.  It's very difficult to use and tends to jump on the screen quite a bit.  Also, many keyboard detection setup programs require you to press the key to the left of the right shift key... there is not right shift key.
I bought this keyboard for my girlfriend. The main reason was that I thought it was wireless. (She hates all those cables.) In the product features section for this keyboard, it mentions a "wireless design". Hmmm. Otherwise, it's an ok keyboard.
I have two of these keyboards.  The first one I got for my office at work, and the second for my office at home.  One I love and one I hate.  There is clearly a problem with Microsoft's quality control with these keyboards. First off, I've been a user of the Microsoft Natural Keyboard Pro for years -- they are no longer available, and I bought five of them when the product was discontinued years ago.  I'm down to my last two somewhat clean keyboards.  The main thing I've been looking for in a new ergonomic keyboard is the correct setup for the arrow keys, with left, down, and right in a straight row, and up right above down (follow that?).  The 4000 has that, plus the curved split keyboard that I have really come to love. The 4000 I have at work, the first one I got, is great.  All the keys have a fairly consistent feel and are quiet.  I preferred the utility button layout of the older Natural Keyboard Pro, and rather wish the function keys had their normal functions on the top (F1, F2, etc.) rather than the "make it easy" labels which only work on some programs, but otherwise, it's a perfectly adequate replacement. The one I got more recently at home has one of the problematic spacebars.  It's LOUD.  If all the keys were this loud, it wouldn't be a problem, but it's very annoying and distracting to be typing and have a very loud slam/click every time I hit a space.  I pulled the spacebar key off a few times and tried to fix it, so far to no avail.  Finally I unplugged the new keyboard and went back to one of my remaining Natural Keyboard Pro copies. It's hard for me to believe that computer keyboards have been around for more than 40 years and yet they still can't get such a simple thing right. In summary, I give one my copies of this keyboard 4 stars, and the other 1 star!
This produuct is helpful but can be a little frustrating. The size and layout our great Battery life seems to be good, i use daily and haave only charged it twice in the past 2-3 monthss. the range is also good. they frustrating issues i have encounterred are... 1) the tap on the touchpad is very sensitivee and there is no option to disableee or correct. I am hoping for someone to make a driver that will fix this soon. 2) As you have noticed while typping the letters will double or triple even iff you are quick on the button... not sure if its a driver problemm or a hardware problem. Ovverall i like it... would love it if these small issues were corrected. will proballyy purchase a different version of this soon if they donnt fix driver problem. If you arent a patient person I would not recommend this item!
I love this keyboard.  I am a medical transcriptionist and am on my keyboard 8-10 hours per day 6 days a week.  I have tried others that don't hold up for more than 4 months.  Six months into this Logitech and it's still going strong.. My problem is... unlike other keyboards ... I've lost 11 of the key letters, and the tactile cues for finger placement on J and F I am hardly able to feel any longer.  Guess it's time to get out the old bottle of white out and some clear nail polish and put some letters on  - It's really a shame - because the quality otherwise is very good.
This is probably my 5th Microsoft 4000 Ergo keyboard.  I telecommute, so this thing gets a work out. It does a great job of reducing should and neck pain that I usually get from sitting at a standard keyboard. I have a pretty hard keystroke, so I really put it through the wringer.  The paint on the letters wears off after about 6 months. I also eat at my desk which does not help its longevity.  I go through about 1-2 keyboards a year.  Luckily this product is priced right for a twice a year purchase.
This is a great multimedia PC keyboard but my biggest grip is that they don't cater to south paws.  As a left handed person I would really appreciate one with the keypad on the left.
All the other reviews prasied how great this keyboard was.. It was useless and unusable for me.. Waste of my money and will stick with normal designed keyboards from now on..
Dead keys after less than a year.  The two letters between x and b.  I can't even type them in this reiew (see?!?!).  I had thought that Mirosoft (there it is again) made good keyboards, but it seems I was wrong.  Aoid at all osts.
The keys are too thin/shallow. There is not enough tilt to the keyboard. The key action didn't feel right to me. One key stuck and I had to pry it up manually. A few keys were loose in the box when I got it, and I had to reconnect them manually. Go with the Microsoft Natural keyboard instead.
The product works OK. Keyboard works great. The touch pad is pretty bad and unresponsive. Even with mouse sensitivity set to very high, I still need probably 10 strokes to get from one end to another. The material it uses looks really cheap and fragile. I would not recommend this product.
I have an elbow problem that requires me to use an ergonomic keyboard.  Microsoft is the only company that makes a proper ergonomic keyboard.  I have used the older version at home for years. I purchased one for work about 9 months ago. It was wonderful. The keys were tight, with no play. I liked it so much that I requested one for Christmas.  The one I received had a quality issue.  The spacebar was very noisy - and drove me crazy. So, I returned it and ordered another. The second one was worse. Not only did the space bare "clack", but the "N" key did not work properly. We then went to Best Buy and purchased another. This one is a bit better, but the space key is still bothersome. The quality of this product has deteriorated over the space of 9 months, and I would not now recommend it.  This is quite sad, because otherwise the product is excellent.  I have notified Microsoft that they have a quality control issue.
This started out as just what I needed. No more needing my wired mouse, or having to sit a mere 3-4 feet away from my tower. As expected, the 'starter' batteries that came with the set didn't last particularly long, but generic batteries aren't exactly known for their durability. Anyway, I bought new batteries and continued to use the product. In the last week, however, my mouse started to shut down on me randomly, with increasing frequency. Replacing with a fresh battery did nothing to alleviate the issue. Eventually, the mouse would die seconds after turning it on. Luckily I still had my wired mouse on stand-by. I have no problems with the keyboard, though, and I am continuing to use it happily.
We use these keyboards at work and I think they feel great *when they are working*.  Unfortunately, after a while some of the keys stop working (i.e. I press the key but get no character on the computer)!  I took a couple back to the IT people at work and they said people are returning these keyboards all the time and I should try a different model. I now have 3 dead keyboards on my desk: one with a broken 'C' key, one with a broken 'Y' key, and another with a broken space bar.  Great.
I really wanted to try this keyboard and had high hopes.  Unfortunately, it wold not work more than about 5-6 feet away for me on my HTPC.  I tried multiple positions for both the keyboard and the bluetooth adapter, and no joy.  It did work at about 8-10 feet on a different PC, but that is still way too far off to be acceptable. It has decent keys, etc., but none of that matters if you have no connection. Gotta love that Amazon return policy!  Gonna try the Loftek Rii Touch N7 next, and will review that when I do.
Same here: N key failed after about two years. The problem is I almost never used it since I spend every whole day in school with my laptop. And it feels too soft.
I've been using these keyboards for years, but only now have I been frustrated enough to write a review. First off, the good.  I use computers A LOT, and I used to have what I assumed was carpal tunnel syndrome.  My wrists were continually aching, and I couldn't do anything to alleviate the pain.  I tried using this ergonomic keyboard, and the pain almost completely disappeared in a short time.  This keyboard keeps your wrists in a natural position while typing, and prevents pains caused by overuse of standard keyboards. Its fairly quiet, very functional, and very reliable.*  I've owned at least 4 of these keyboards.  One had a spacebar that wouldn't press right if you hit the edge of it, and the one I'm currently using has an "m" key that sometimes doesn't fire if you don't press hard enough.  I consider these complaints insignificant. Now for the reason I'm writing the review.  The first one that I got stopped working a year or so after I got it for reasons I couldn't explain.  I liked the keyboard so much that I immediately got another.  I used the second one for a long time till I spilled a *single* drop of water near the "n" key.  This caused some of the keypresses to be scrambled, and it apparently shorted out the keyboard.  Even after it dried out, most of the keys either didn't work, or generated seemingly random keypresses.  This was my fault, so I ordered another.  I used that one for the better part of a year until last night.  Some of the keys stopped working because it was humid.  In my opinion, humidity isn't a reason that keyboards should fail. Luckily, I had an extra on hand because of the history I've had with them.  If it doesn't last long, I'm afraid I'll have to look for a different ergonomic keyboard.
I ordered this keyboard for it's small size and backlit keys. Due to a stroke, I only have the use of one hand, so I wanted something small, light, easy to use with one hand. When I first got it, I was so happy with it, I was about to order a 2nd for my wife, but decided to test it more. I'm glad that I waited. The keyboard has a bad problem with missing keystrokes and with stuck keys. This means that you must constantly watch the screen to see if what you typed came out. When you type a sentence, look up and see several errors, it is very easy for the back key to stick and wipe out that sentence plus several more. The touchpad doesn't work very well. Laser pointer works well. Range is good. Battery holds a charge well, getting heavy use all day for 2 weeks. I wish the charger had the same usb shape as my treo phone. Several keys are difficult to type, such as ! @ #. I wish it had a shift-lock key for that. When I wake up the keyboard after inactivity, the first keypress is consistently ignored and the caps lock indicator light gets reversed. When I get too frustrated with the keyboard, I use a virtual keyboard on my XP-PRO PC.
This was the second keyboard and some of the keys did not work.  Stay away from this model.
I got mine last night, and hooked it up this morning.  I have the following comments: First, I clearly received a dud.  Mine works well enough, but it loses its connection to the receiver within 30 seconds.  If you look at the receiver, on one side there are two small pin-holes; one is a LED indicator light that flashes when receiving signal, and the other is a reset button.  I've found that a .5 mm mechanical pencil lead fits the reset hole well.  There is a nice tactile response when the button is depressed.  I imagine a small pin might work as well; just be careful, as the lead could easily break and the pin could pierce the button.  Once reset, the keyboard works great, then within 30 seconds it doesn't work at all.  Unplugging/ replugging the receiver, changing USB ports, and changing the RF channel (FN + F1 for 10 seconds) doesn't work on any of multiple computers/ multiple operating systems I've tried.  So mine is getting returned, and from the other commenters for this device, I doubt I'll get another. Which is too bad, because the keyboard itself is fantastic when it works.  It's comfortable in the hand, the keys give a nice tactile feedback when pressing them, the touchpad works great, the backlight works great.  I managed to get fairly comfortable two-thumb typing on the device, and the touchpad was a dream to use on the HTPC.  It even has a laser pointer to amuse my cats with.  Like other commenters, I noticed some reception problems as the distance between keyboard and receiver increased, but dropped characters and choppy cursor movement I felt was tolerable given the keyboards ergonomic and other strengths, and given its intended use.  I'd feel differently if I were using it as a keyboard/ mouse for a regular desktop, but for a HTPC or for controlling a presentation on a conference room computer, I'm not as picky. Still, it gets one star because despite its strengths, since it doesn't work as advertised it is nothing but a funny looking laser pointer.
Use: I wanted a full keyboard that was wireless with trackpad.  I have this as a backup keyboard to a 2 computer KVM setup where this keyboard can work with the computer that is not currently the "active" computer. Pros: Battery Life, key size, ease of install, no troubles with connectivity. Cons: I don't like the design on the trackpad, the left click is tricky, it receieves a 'click' just fine but 'click and hold' requires a bit of pressure, the cursor key positions are very inconvenient for me.  When using a right shift I frequently hit the up arrow instead.  There's room on the keyboard for more functions (media controls would be nice) but they are not present. Cons clearly out number the Pros, but for my application it still appears to be the best option.
I brought the keyboard, returned it 8 hours after it arrived. The fatal problem is the space bar, it is very HARD to press if you hit it on corner. It would be great keyboard if the spacebar problem fixed. WATCH OUT, TRY it before buy. Many users on Internet reported this problem too
Recently I changed my PC and although my old keyboard (a MICROSOFT Multimedia) was still in perfect working condition, I decided to change the whole set up. I still had fond memories of my old MS NATURAL ELITE PRO keyboard I had used writing my Thesis, so I decided on the 4000 model which seemed to be its improved replacement. I have had the keyboard for about two months - here are my impressions: THE GOOD: - The 4000 is not just another beautiful keyboard but a REALLY comfortable one too. Not only are the curves natural and well molded but the minimally padded leather-imitation wrist-rest offers a silky sense of luxury. The keyboard comes out of the box with a negative angle attachment, which can easily be removed - it is comfortable but personally I need to see what I am typing. - Compared to other Ergonomic keyboards, one has to note that unless the keys are physically separated into two groups any ergonomic effects will be minimal. So, if you are thinking of Logitech's Wave , it is a good idea to actually give both of them a try at a local store before making a choice. As I said, I am no professional typist (yes, more of a 2-fingers) yet I found that my typing is much faster and my typos more rare when using Natural keyboards. - I liked the idea of the BACK/FORWARD buttons at the wrist-rest. Although most mice now have this functions on their side buttons, it is still a big help when browsing (my mouse has a Magnifying Function where the FORWARD usually is). - Also, this is a really quiet keyboard. You get a satisfactory feeling when pushing a button but instead of an annoying "clack" sound only a muted "tap" is heard. Ideal if your wife is in the habit of taking naps in your home-office couch. - As an avid gamer favoring the right side of the keyboard (arrow keys instead of the WASD configuration) I enjoyed the ample room around the former. - Finally, I liked the placement of an extra set of EQUAL, PARENTHESIS and BACKSPACE at the top right corner (especially the parenthesis, I always hated finding the opening and closing one among the numbers) Now, THE BAD: - For some reason the ENTER and RIGHT SHIFT keys are too small! I could do with regular sized "H" and "N" keys if it would mean not hunting the ENTER. And this is a large keyboard, I doubt it would make any difference if it was yet a bit longer for that. - The SPACE bar is, well, fickle. Sometimes it works even if hit at the side. Others it refuses unless hit in the middle. - The key letters and symbols have a tendency to rub off(!). This is totally unacceptable for a premium priced product - especially one sporting MICROSOFT's brand name. I decided to wait for the problem to become more pronounced and have this one replaced. - The Media keys on top do not sit well in their homings and are not perfectly aligned. Especially the VOLUME UP in my keyboard seems to rest at an angle. Again, poor quality control for such an expensive and brand name product. All in all: a mixed bag of good features but with compromises and inferior quality control. I REALLY miss my old NATURAL ELITE PRO keyboard - if it came in black I would buy one again.
This little gadget does everything it claims to but the purpose I purchased it for was to use with Wii. It stated to be compatable but the touch pad does not work with Wii. I'm not disappointed because it is leaps and bounds better than using the Wii controller and pointing and clicking for each letter.
I bought this keyboard to replace the hp keyboard that came with my hp computer.  I used that hp keyboard for 5 years and it is still working perfectly.  I decided to change because it was a little dirty and the paint on the letters started to wear - but it was still working fine.  I have only had this Microsoft replacement for 2 months and the Enter key just broke into 4 pieces about 20 minutes ago.  Now going back through the reviews, I see a lot of the 1 star reviews where they state the same problem!  I can't understand how Microsoft can make a product like this and it seems that there is nobody to call regarding this problem.  Am I out $20?  It is my last Microsoft keyboard.  They should stick to software.
I bought a new computer and didn't realize the key board and mouse had the new USB connection so I had to purchase new ones.The ones that came with the computer weren't comfortable to use. So this keyboard looked like a good solution I saw that some people said the space bar was sticking but other people loved it and didn't mention this problem, plus it looked like the closest match to the keyboard I was trying to replace so I decided to try it ...but when I received it, I wasn't happy with it at all. The space bar did stick and made a loud clicking noise just like the other reviewers had mentioned- it was better if you hit it in the center -but when I was trying to type as I normally would that wasn't the case and that key got stuck or made that clicking noise almost every time. I also must have missed the part about the center of the keyboard being raised and the shape and placement of the keys really bothered my right hand/wrist - so I am sending it back. It did seem to have some neat features/ short cut keys though - I am really disappointed the rest of it didn't work better
I work as a computer programmer, so I'm at the computer all day and typing for much of that time.  After graduating from college and joining the workforce full-time it wasn't long before I was suffering from regular pain in my left wrist.  I switched to an ergonomic keyboard and it helped a lot.  The wider base and outward angle of the keys put me in a more natural typing posture with less strain on my wrists. I recently switched jobs and when I requested an ergonomic keyboard they got me a Microsoft Natural Ergonomic 4000.  I love it.  It's the greatest thing that's happened to my desktop since getting a second monitor.  Not only does this keyboard put me in a better position with the keys angled out, it also raises the front end of the keyboard, further forcing the user into good typing posture.  Not to mention that it's extremely comfortable.  Using the Natural Ergonomic 4000 for the first time is like driving a luxury car when you're used to driving a go-kart.  I was so pleased with it I bought one for my home use. Unfortunately I do have issues with the keys in the bottom row of the right group (n, m, comma, period, /) not registering.  If I'm typing too quickly I'll often come out with "moth" instead of "month" and things like that. Overall I am extremely pleased, even given the occasional dropped character input and would highly recommend this keyboard to anyone who is interested in an ergonomic keyboard.
I have an old white version of this keyboard and wanted the same one for a new computer set up.  However, the one I just received in black had a very loud space bar that was also too loose, especially compared to all of the other keys.  I was unhappy with this new keyboard and had to return it.
Have used this keyboard for over a year without any major problems except for the noisey keyboard. I miss my old white MS Natural keyboard but I spilled water on it and it died. I do like the extra control at the top of the keyboard but I rarely use them. Microsoft, please fix the noisey SPACE BAR!!
This is a great keyboard, but the painted on letters on the keys are not durable and will soon rub off. Suggest you paint all your keys with clear fingernail polish to protect the painted on letters
Like so many other negative reviews on this keyboard, I have to add that Microsoft has produced a product that is faulty.  It will fail after about a year or two.  Generally, it is the way the keyboard is grounded internally, which causes certain keys to not function after time.  A lot of people will say it is this key or that key that the keyboard is known for failing.  However, it isn't a particular key or a key pattern that goes faulty.  It could be any number of keys or any pattern of keys that will go faulty because of poor grounding internally.  On my keyboard, it was the "C" and "V" keys.  If you go to the link below, you may find some help.  I did take my keyboard apart, and followed the recommendations in the link below.  My two faulty keys work now, but for how long?  I think Microsoft should put a recall on this keyboard, or tell us how we can get a new one for free if we purchased one.  I gave this product one star only because it will fail over a short period of time. <...>
The keyboard consistently lags and needs to be no more than 3 feet away from the receiver. And then it often lags anyways. I looked on logitech's support site and several people have this problem. I got so frustrated today that I smashed the keyboard and threw it into the garbage. After spending hours on a spreadsheet I realized that I was missing a lot of data sets that were supposed to be updated and I discovered that it was once again the keyboard. I lost hours worth of work and got so upset that I smashed the keyboard and now I am online letting everyone else know that this keyboard is a piece of junk
This is a typical piece of trash from the garbage bins of china. The laser pointer never worked from day one and the keyboard keys was sluggish and would then jump with multiple entries for the same key. The trackpad however was the worst and is totally unusable. After a few months of putting up with this, the keyboard started sending shutdown commands to various applications if you just lift the keyboard or touched any of the keys. Felt like flattening this worthless junk with a hammer. Save your money and get a better brand. I would rate this product a -5 star if i could.
After using the laser pointer button once, it stopped working and I started to hear some small parts inside the device rattling around. Upon opening the door for the storage compartment for the USB, a small plastic part dropped out. As it turned out, the small plastic part was connected to the laser pointer button which had become dislodged from the circuit board. It looked like it snapped off and it's way too small to solder back on. It would've been much more cost effective had they manufacturer not placed a feature that's faulty and made the product cheaper than try to stick in something extra but breaks easily.
Terrible construction.  Would have been a fantastic keyboard for my PVR!!  The on/off switch broke after opening.  Didn't really get to play with it!  The rest of the keyboard seems ok. Arg!
I love the design of the keyboard and find it very easy to use. And, of course, the price is amazing. However, over a number of months (maybe a year?) some of the letters on the keys wore off. This is very frustrating to my wife who has to look at the keys to type. I have v1.0, so maybe later versions have dealt with this problem, but for $20 or less I doubt it. I decided to replace the keyboard, and just moved up to a higher price range (expecting higher quality) and a different brand (Logitech)via Amazon.
It doesn't work sometimes. Also, often you press a key and release but on the screen it shows like you have never released the key. I am going for IOgear multimedia keyboard. It will be bigger but practical.
Keyboard interface does not work even after updating drivers and installing fresh batteries!  Worked for a few months.  Mouse works fine; keyboard worthless!
bought this with high hopes that it would do what it is meant to.  the form factor is awesome, the backlighting looks so great, love the size.  the issue was....it never REALLY worked consistently for more than 1 hour straight.  it is possible that i got a defective one.  however, the biggest problem with this product is that there is absolutely 0 customer support.  they do have a website, however some of it is in a chinese dialect which i do not speak (i do not speak any chinese dialect) and the faq page provides little to no information. buyer beware.  i must say, amazon is awesome for having such a tremendously easy return process.  thanks amazon!  no thanks rii.  what a disappointment. check out the logitech dinovo mini.  its a little pricier but you get a product that works.
space key is too hard to push down. This make my thumb more tired. Also, this type of ergonomic keyboard doesn't work for people using the keyboard with one hand, such as "layout engineer who use one hand for mouse". The floorplan make it extremely hard to reach each key with one hand.
I am replacing my wired Microsoft keyboard because the "V" key stops working.  It has done this several times (like 20 or so) and yesterday, the "B" quit. I liked it while it worked correctly especially volume control keys, etc. My wife has one just like mine and she has had no trouble with her kewboard... I am switching to Logitech.  Microsoft Comfort Curve Keyboard 2000 
I've been using variations of the Microsoft Natural keyboard since 1996, and I truly believe it has save me from ruining my hands. On Monday, I came to work and found that some of my keyboard's keys had become sticky, as if something had been spilled on them. My employer had given me a Comfort Curve when I started, and I had left it new in the box. Since my normal keyboard was out of commission, I decided to give the Curve a shot. It is now Friday, and my hands are starting to hurt. The curved design makes it hard to type. Some keys are too large and others are too small, and everything about this keyboard seems to be geared towards making the product look pretty. It offers not wrist support. Nothing about this keyboard seems to be designed for actual ergonomics. For someone like me, who does a lot of technical work, the fact that the control keys are mushed to be super tiny is a big problem. I find that I make copy / paste mistakes because I miss the control keys. On the other hand, if I needed to do nothing by type the letter 'n' all day, this keyboard would be perfect. I have three new Natural keyboards on order. I can't wait to get my shipment so I can stuff the Curve back in its box and never have to touch it again.
My computer is connected to my TV about 12-14 feet away. I use this device so that I don't have to get up when watching Hulu or youtube etc.  The device doesn't really work. It'll work for about a minute and then the connection will break and that's it. Terrible!
Only complaint is how uncomfortable this thing is to type with. Its because of the section where the mouse pad is puts a distance between your right thumb and the alpha keys. Very uncomfortable to have to stretch your right thumb over to type with it
the range on this is a complete joke 5ft max touch pad barely works i bought a Rii mini and its amazing works great dont buy this buy a Rii mini bluetooth!!! what is the worst about this product it doesnt even do what it says it can do!!!
This device is great if you are within 5 feet of the receiver, but beyond that, it is useless.  The claim is 10m, but reality is 1-2m.
Received the new item, unpacked and connected it - keyboard works mouse does not.  Now I have to repack it all and return it, what a pain in the neck.
I bought this keyboard without thinking to check if it had a PS/2 connector.  I have four powered USB ports on my computer, and they're all taken!  I shuffled things around, unplugged a couple of things, and managed to find a temporary home for it...but it's going to cost me far more than the $15 I paid for the keyboard, as I'm going to have to go buy a powered USB hub because of this purchase. At the very least, a USB to PS/2 converter would have been seriously appreciated. However, if you do have a free powered USB port, this is a really nice, basic keyboard.  Not *quite* clicky enough for my tastes, but that's a personal preference.
The product works exactly as described, but there are two problems I've had with the design: * There is no scroll on the side of the trackpad like all the other trackpads I use.  This may not sound like a big deal, but the major reason I use the keyboard/trackpad is to surf the internet on my TV.  Scrolling down easily is really, really nice.  Two fingers, like on a MacBook, would be awesome.  One finger scroll on the right like on a Synaptic pad would be fine. * Typing is hard because the trackpad on the right side gets in the way.  I'm used to typing on a blackberry, but I can't hold it the same way because my right hand is pushed over too far.  It just really slows me down.
I was going to buy another one for myself since my child has one but I'm finding that the mouse at times does not want to work, I have to turn it off and on so it will. Otherwise to that we like to use it.
The keyboard and mouse works fine, but the lack of a CAPS Lock light makes this pretty much useless for me. Yes, I have a sound enabled when I turn CAPS Lock on or off, but that only tells me when it is turned on OR off, not which one it is. When you are typing a password, this is useless. This is a keyboard for work and they will not buy me a new one, so I am stuck with an expensive keyboard that Logitech thought was not worth the cost of a tiny LED light.
Bought this to replace a wireless keyboard mouse setup I have for a computer hooked up to my TV. It's lighter weight, and (so far) more responsive. Awesome! Update: reducing to 3 stars because it's having more and more issues initially connecting to its receiver. It's become pretty common that we will type something (especially the first time using it in that sitting), and nothing happens until you lift the keyboard up, then it gets a direct signal (uninhibited by the flimsy ikea coffee table it sits on), and all the letters that were typed will appear (except maybe the first letter). Kind of weird, but we're working around it. Still, very lightweight, good form factor, but not as reliable at this point.
If you have Windows 2000 Pro and you like it, don't try to use this keyboard with it (it is supposed to run with W2k Pro). After going through the trouble of having to go to the Microsoft site to get software to install this keyboard and mouse, I ran the software and it failed to install.  Then, after repeated reboots in an effort to make it run, Microsoft sent the dreaded verclsid system killer which nearly brought my system down. I have to ask myself why a software manufacturer would get into the keyboard and mouse business?  The answer appears to me to be that it makes a terrific combination to control user software and hardware purchases - the World of Gates is alive and well.  It is nearly unbelievable that obscenely wealthy gravy sucking executives would do this, but it is in keeping with the Microsoft business philosophy that has brought them criminal marketing decisions and fines over the years and it doesn't appear to me to have stopped.  My purchase of this keyboard was my desperate attempt to feed the monster so my Windows 2000 would boot back into safe mode again after I had to reformat the system, only to have it do worse.  So help me heaven if I buy anything Microsoft when all I want is to able to communicate.  If you buy this, I hope it works for you.
The large, clunky, hard to press space bar ruins an otherwise fine product. My right thumb started aching after about just 15 minutes of typing. I returned the product. The space bar just pummels the right thumb in particular (maybe mine is weak, but I am a healthy fifty year old.  Like I say caveat emptor. Check the keyboard out in the store first!! My feeling (as a layperson,not an expert) is that this keyboard might cause injury to some people's thumbs over time with prolonged use. Microsoft, in its latest keyboard iteration, the Wireless Laser 6000 has substantially decreased the size of the space bar and made it for more responsive and easier to press. This is, in my view, a tacit acknowledgement that its earlier generation of space bars were too hard to press.
theyy keyboard doesnt work past about 6' not the 32' they say it does. other than that no complants its a great keyboard
When it works properly, this keyboard is really comfortable, I really like it. The problem is that after a few months some keys started to have problems, I have to hit them harder than normal to type. Now after 1 year, half of the lower row doesn't respond anymore. Poor quality. I won't ever buy a Microsoft keyboard again. AVOID THIS PRODUCT.
i wish there was a zero star rating. im currently deployed and cant ship this item back before the deadline date so i wasted a bunch of money on this. first of all the item has horrible directions, when is the item fully charged? second it never was able to link to my computer, i tried the fix in the trouble shooting guide but that did nothing for me. i googled some fixes for it and the best i could find is other reviews saying that if it doesn't work it doesn't work which is a common problem with these after reading the reviews. the fate of this keyboard ended up being a nice target for a few vehicle mounted crew served weapons. dont waste your money.
i got this keyboard after a bad bout of tendonitis. shortly thereafter, my pain moved from inside my wrists (due to tiny keyboard) the the outside--due to the sloped hump in the center, which makes me hold my wrists sideways. the search continues. just be really aware of how you use it, and try it out in the store first if you can.
Works within my range of 11 feet. The touchpad is sluggish but functional. Still pretty handy for my HTPC in leiu of reaching for my full size keyboard.
The keyboard came with dirt inside the keys, one of the back risers was broke, and two keys had the letters worn off.
I bought this for my Zotac Z-Box HTPC. This is a cool little RF wireless keyboard and mouse/touchpad. I plugged the keyboard into the USB charger for a few hours until the charging light went out. Then, I plugged in the micro receiver to the PC (mounted behind my LCD TV on the wall) and within seconds I was able to type and mouse around from my sofa across the room. It worked great with Windows Media Center, Netflix, and browsing the web and email for a few days. Then it started spraying out random keypresses and control characters which caused many windows to open and strange characters entered in dialog boxes. I assumed this was a low battery so I turned it off and connected it back to the USB charger. It has not worked again since then and it's clearly not a battery issue at this point. It has short periods of a few minutes where it works fine but then a few minutes after a movie starts, it will go back to sending random keys and functions to the PC throwing it into chaos. This unit is going back but based on some other positive reviews, I will request a replacement. If my unit is a fluke then I highly recommend this product for size, weight, range, cost, ease of use and compatibility. Otherwise, they need to work out the technical faults and they will have a great product.
just horrible build quality,  space bar especially the right side of the space bar have a high tendency to stick once pressed and won't return back into position. one day my cat walked on top of the keyboard and one of my keys just popped out of the socket permanently, not recommended, and going back to the elite keyboard
The keyboard's design is beautiful; it's lightweight, the key locations are well thought-out, and the built-in wrist rest is nicely positioned and comfortable. However, the keys themselves are much too firm! Using this keyboard actually made my wrists hurt *more*. I had to switch back to my cheap $10 standard white keyboard.
i bought this keyboard about 1 yr ago.  this morning, after a routine cleaning, the enter key, both shift keys and the question mark key stopped working.  i tried a lot of things to fiz the problem, apparently, the letter 'aks' stops working as well.  anyway, in the end, i realized it was the keyboard itself... i remember when i decided to purchase this keyboard, even though the price of this keyboard was on the high end of all the keyboards that were available.  however, i felt like since this is something that im gonna use everyday, i might well just spend the money and buy something thats going to last.  but now, just after using it for little for a yr, the keyboard is done.... i mean the keyboard looks nice, big, easy to use, but in terms of reliability, it is pretty poorly constructed....
Overall I think its a cool keyboard but the functionality is sort of poor. I type right now like a grade schooler, looking at the keyboard with awkward hand positions. Its smaller.  Which I hate.  My hands dont really fit well. The buttons are soggy feeling.  Not really assuring that you pushed the key. I bought it mainly to lay in my bed away from  my monitor so I could type and control the mouse (ultimate lounging tool).  And that I like, but that characteristic could have been fulfilled by any number of keyboards/devices. Aside from that I love the mouse click button on the top left (lets me scroll with my right hand and click with my left making it more like a remote.  The volume buttons work perfect for my mac which is a huge plus. Overall I give the concept a 5 but the keyboard functionality a 2. Perhaps I just need to get used to it, I'm getting a bit faster as I type this now.  But I don't think my opinion is going to change much.  Though I hope it does. I would consider this keyboard again for $20, maybe 25. Certainly no more. If I could go back I would prob just save the money for a nice mac bluetooth keyboard,
I purchased two of these pieces of crap,after receiving them(a day late i might add),i immediately opened the package to find that both items were damaged,the laser pointer button on both devices was pushed in so far that when i tried to depress the buttons they fell into the device making for a nice rattling sound whenever i moved them. I could understand 1 of the devices could have been damaged in shipping but both had the same issue. But it was the laser pointer function and i didnt really care if it didnt work so i plugged both of them in to see how they worked,one of them the backlight function didnt work at all and the other one quit working completely after about 10 days. This product is sooo poorly built. Please dont waste your money. For the same price as both devices i bought a lenovo wireless mouse and keyboard and couldnt be happier. There is a reason the favi is half the price its only half the product
I have gone through two of these keyboards. I really like the comfort and design of this keyboard, which is why I bought a second one when the first one started acting up. I use the keyboard primarily for writing, so I don't pay much attention to the other keys or their position; although, I think some of the keys are a little too small. My first natural keyboard lasted about 18 months until one day it shorted and stopped typing the correct letters. I replaced it almost immediately with the same keyboard because of how much I liked the style and because I was so used to it. My new one, which I bought in July, shorted out after less than a teaspoon of coffe dripped on it. I've had keyboards that have survived major spillage, cleaning products, and being dropped, yet this keyboard died after such a small injury. I have tried to contact Microsoft to return it. It's not worth a lot of aggravation, but for $35, you would think it would be a little hardier. Not recommended.
At first I thought this was pretty cool. Then I discovered some issues: 1) If I got more than 8 feet away, the device would start to do thisssssss with letters. 2) The trackpad isn't as sensitive as it should be. 3) After two weeks, it just stopped sending signals. So, I returned it.
The drawback is the F-Lock key especially when you need to reboot the computer and go into Safe Mode.  Because the F-Lock does not automatically come on, you have to try to press it and get it to stay while you press F8 to go into Safe Mode.
This product is a great idea but it doesn't work as advertised. I have a Mac Mini hooked up to my TV and I planned on being able to sit on my couch, surf the web, browse movies, utilize the computer, etc. It's cheaply constructed... the plastic feels light, the buttons have a lackluster tactile sensation and it just doesn't feel solid. On the other hand, the buttons are legible, and the backlight works well. I could have looked past these issues, but the connectivity was the last straw. It would randomly drop connection. That's it. Someone else mentioned as well that the manual is clearly written by someone who doesn't have a firm grasp on the English language. But then again, there isn't much to put in the manual. It basically tells you if the connection doesn't work, turn it off and back on again. Sorry dude, I wish it worked well for me, but I returned it and I'm probably going with a Logitech product that is full size.
The space bar on this keyboard seems as though it is lacking the spring element,,,it works, but doesn't feel right.  I know because I had an identical one that did not feel this way before liquid got spilled on it and I needed to order this replaceement. When I contacted the seller, they said I needed to go through the manufacturer NOT them.  That never makes me happy  :-( Normally, this keyboard is great!  But not this particular unit.  If you are one that likes easy returns, don't go this route.
I & another family member bought this keyboard each on the same day in mid 2007. They keys were nice & quiet which was great. Now, I get horrible wrist pain for years within minutes if I use a standard keyboard (I feel the strain from it immediately since unlike most, I'm no longer used to dealing with it), so I've been used to the large, cumbersome, V split, ergonomic, expensive keyboards for years. I bought this because it was smaller (so wouldn't be hard to pull the drawer out) & cheap (by now, how much does it cost to make a simple keyboard)? I'm not used to nor need the extra special dedicated buttons/keys. I had a hard time getting used to it. I kept getting numerous typos & kept trying, but could never type correctly & it was frustrating to the point it was stressing me out. Seriously, I had more typos & issues then I did when I first took keyboarding class/first starting chatting online. Within about a year & 1/2 the family member's R key stopped working & was replaced by a different brand. By then I was so stressed, I was jealous they didn't have to deal with the curve any longer, but all my keys still worked. I have replaced this now with the Microsoft Ergonomic 4000 (I was toying with the Logitech Curve, but I was a bit hesitant due to price, having "curve" in the name & since it slopes in/down in the middle, though touching it for 5 minutes in a store felt surprisingly comfortable). The 4000 is much better. I was able to adapt to it within days & type like I used to before I had bought the Curve. No more stress. Advice: Always touch a keyboard in a store first if possible & for more the 10 min to get a true feel, not just 60 seconds & definitely not at all which is what I did when I bought this model purely for the brand & what it claimed.
i was so happy to finally get a wireless keyboard and mouse set for so cheap, with a sleek and cool design, i thought it had to be worth a shot. but oh my god, this thing is HORRIBLE. the mouse is to small, they keyboard has to capslock or numlock LED, and the inferred signal is just terrible. i literally have the mouse and keyboard 3 inches away from the usb receiver, and it still doesnt work. i tried using different ports and replacing the batteries, but nothing works. with the reciever less than a foot from my set i might as well just go back to having a wired mouse and keyboard. thanks for the hassle logitech :P
I bought this anticipating multiple uses: advance laptop powerpoints, remote keyboard for android tablet...but all depended on a bluetooth connection.  I plugged it in, turned it on, backlight indicator functional, no blue light indicating active bluetooth.  Restart, no change.  Back in the box and back to Amazon.  One would expect at least one functional check before shipping a product to a customer, but this was a no bluetooth, bluetooth keyboard.
Bought and received this item in Dec 2012 from Amazon and this product cannot last long. After using for about 6 months, the keyboard and mouse suddenly breakdown for no reason. I had even change fresh batteries and the result is the same. So I would advise those buyers have to think twice when you are going to buy this product.
I ordered this mini keyboard to control my HTPC when the remote just isn't enough. The good:  The size of this thing is absolutely perfect for light Media Center/HTPC use.  It's actually smaller than most universal remotes.  The keys are slightly raised so it's easy to type.  If you are used to typing on a cell phone QWERTY with 2 thumbs then this is exactly like that.  The touch pad is also great - although I did crank up the sensitivity.  The scroll function works well - but I do sometimes hit the scroll button in error because it's just between the left/right click buttons.  I don't use this for the primary remote so the battery stays charged for weeks.  Really good for occasional HTPC use to navigate to a program website or bring up a video.  The back light is bright and easy to turn on and off. The Bad:  This is not for you if you intend to surf or chat on your TV.  The range is not all that great and certainly not 30M as advertised.  It will occasionally drop key presses, but if it's light use it's not too bad.  It almost seems like it doesn't deal well with interference from other 2.4GHz devices and there are a lot of 2.4GHz devices in most homes.  I also wish the "Shift" key was sticky like on most cell phones.  (Where you press the shift key once and it stays on until you press one letter, then shuts off again)  Since there is only a shift on the left side of the keyboard if you have to make a capital letter that is also on the left side of the keyboard it gets a little awkward holding the shift key with your left thumb while trying to reach over with your right thumb to press the key. Overall I'm happy with this keyboard because of it's size, price and overall good touch pad.  It's great for when you need to exit out of media center to update a driver, change a setting, navigate to hulu, fox.com, etc and play videos.  This is not for someone who wants to do everyday computing in front of their TV.  If that's you look at a larger on lap keyboard setup.
The keyboard itself and the touchpad are great.  The problem is the range.  My couch is maybe 15 feet from my PC in direct site of the USB receiver and still I have to occasionally walk towards my TV in order for it to work.  I wish more companies would realize that the PS3 got it right with the bluetooth remote.  I love watching movies on my PS3 because it almost never misses.  I've even tried it with the remote buried in the cushions, facing the back of the couch and it still worked every time.  And it only costs 25 bucks. If this were a normal remote it wouldn't be such a huge deal lifting it up over my head, stretching out my arm etc. to make it work.  But when you're trying to type, that obviously doesn't work so well.
How do you mess a keyboard up?  Just arrived today, the 'F', '5', and 'O' keys didn't work.  Plugged back in the garbage stopgap keyboard I bought for 10$ from PC Richards (which doesn't require software installation). What a joke.
first : WHY are there back and forward buttons under my spacebar???? I had to build a plastic cover to KEEP FROM HITTING THE GARBAGE instead of the space bar.... it is SOOOO irritating to NOT BE LOOKING AT THE KEYBOARD, flying away and all of a sudden LOSE EVERYTHING because yer thumb hit the friggin bac/forward button..... second: WHY IS THERE A START next to my shift and ctrl keys???? WHY ARE THERE NON TYPIST KEYS ON THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE???? who THE HELL asked for those things? they ALL COMPUTER CONTROL BUTTONS should be waaaaay out of the way so people typing scripts and LONG FORM NOVELS do not lose work and time and attention trying to deal with extra buttons that destroy what we do and interrupt my brain... other than that, they keys feel okay, I miss my keytronic 1985 ergo board I had last century, it was MORE designed for ten finger typists that did 200 pages ON MECHANICAL TYPEWRITERS, a day..... it is comfortable, that one thing I will give it.... sadly it appears all keybds designed after a certain year all have these misfit keys placed in the WORSE POSSIBLE PLACE.
Just before writing this reiew i was returning a rieter that broke while testing its ery first riet.  It was a terrible pain to write that return and a reiew for it without the letter "". I had to paste all of the letters "" by right clicking. I would normally use ctrl+ , but that was not an option at the time. Howeer, it is worth noting that this keyboard was great for the first two years and seeral months that i had it.  But it only saw ery light use. I decided to replace this defunct Comfort Cure 2000 with a Comfort Cure 3000.  I really enjoyed the cured design of this keyboard, but it broke far to soon in a ery frustrating way. (The "Esc" also broke at the same time.)
I was excited about the keyboard. I noticed on day one that I need a sledge hammer to use the space bar. But hoped that I would get used to it. Used it a few months. But my fingers have started hurting. Going to dump this and hope to find one with softer keys. I don't recommend this.
I love the shape of this keyboard. The curved, split design feels wonderfully natural under my fingertips, and the wrist wrest provides excellent support. Unfortunately, the key response is terrible. Keys are spongy and require a good bit of force to press. The worst offender is the space bar, which, as other reviewers have noted, is wobbly and unresponsive if pressed anywhere other than in the middle (and, given the split design, the middle is a difficult and impractical spot to hit). The space bar also rattles quite loudly, which may not be appreciated in a quiet office setting. I really wanted to stick with this keyboard for its excellent ergonomics, but the key response was a deal breaker. It's back to the trusty old Comfort Curve Keyboard for me. Now if Microsoft could figure out how to combine the light, pleasing keys from that with this one's ergonomic shape, they'd have a real winner.
This thing is terrible. I've only had it a few months and broke. cheep plastic it bends and no light up keyboard and no light up caps lock! I want a refund!
In the past I have always used Microsoft keyboards and mice because I always found them to be of good quality and durable. That seems to have changed recently. I bought this keyboard in October 2007 and within a month noticed that the letters on the frequently used keys were either gone or wearing off. I suspect it's because instead of the older (and more expensive) method of injection molding the symbols on the keys which makes them a permanent part of the key, they are now using the much cheaper method of using something like decals which is only a surface treatment and so rub off fairly quickly. This seems to be a trend with all Microsoft hardware. Used to be they were always of high quality and durability, now-a-days they just seem cheap except for the prices they charge. This keyboard is just one example, another example is the Intellimouse Explorer 4.0 vs. the 3.0 version. I had a single 3.0 version for years and it always worked, but with the 4.0 version I have to replace it about every six months because the buttons start to fail. Next time I need to replace my keyboard and/or mouse, I'll most likely not even look at Microsoft products.
It was barely used. died in a little over a month. Was not dropped, thrown, or abused in any way.
When I ordered this item, it was listed as a Rii mini keyboard.  What I received is the FAVI branded keyboard.  Amazon has since corrected the listing to accurately represent what you are getting.  The FAVI keyboard looks the same as the Rii, but I don't know if there are any differences.  The Rii seemed to get good reviews, so I am pretty surprised by the performance of my keyboard. The keyboard & trackpad work fine if I am within about 3 feet from the USB receiver.  But if I try to use it in my normal seated position (~10 feet away), I have to hold the keyboard up and forward (closer to the PC) in order for it to work.  Even then, it misses keystrokes and mouse movement very often.  Fortunately I don't have to use it very often.  It would drive me crazy if I didn't have a media center remote control to handle most interaction with the PC.  The USB receiver is installed in a front-panel USB jack on my PC, so there should be no reason that I have such bad reception.
I'm not sure if I'll be able to keep this keyboard.  It's nice and comfortable but the space bar is SO loud... as loud as a typewriter.  Very distracting for me and my office mates.
Having used anergonomic  keyboard from MSFT thatlasted years, Ireplaced it with this 4000.  Since I spent almost 15 years at Microsoft, I thought this would be the typical  qualityproduct.  It is not.  The space bar sticks or doesn't work.  The  keys in general  are lousy.  Iwill be returningthis item asap.
Maybe it is because I stink at typing but I can't get use to this thing.  Sure it is comfortable but I still can't type worth a darn on it and it has been over a month.  The feel is nice, the durability seems decent so if you are a person who works well with these split designs then this puppy is for you.  If you just thought you might want to try the split design out, I vote against it.
I was disappointed in this keyboard for 3 reasons.  First, I thought the mechanical feedback for the key press was poor.  Some keys, particularly the space bar, required significantly more "push" than the others.  Also, the space bar was particularly noisy when fully depressed.  Second, the ergonomic design of the keyboard was quite pleasant, but the spacing and the sizing of the keys (some letter keys are larger than others) made typing a bit difficult; larger hands may find it a bit easier going.  Finally, the web quick access button did not permit programming any other browser to open other than Microsoft's Internet Explorer, even bypassing the default browser (FireFox) set up on my computer.  Other buttons could be programmed for it, but not the button labeled for the Internet.  For those 3 reasons, I returned it since it was going to be too frustrating to live with it.
I've had to return this item, and now I can't seem to charge the replacement.  That's more than $50 plus the cost of returning this item down the drain for me.  I haven't been able to enjoy this thing at all!!! I'm not even going to bother to try to get another one.  Buyer beware.
I ordered the FAVI keyboard/mouse, expecting to receive product that looked like the pictures and matched the model # in the description of the product.  Instead, I received a product that looked "similar" and was quite a bit different.  Even though the FAVI is probably made in China, the product I received looked like a cheaper Chinese knock off.  The keys were clear looking and you had to pull of a back plate of the keyboard to get to the wireless receiver.  The wireless receiver did not simply plug in to the top of the unit for easy storage.  The model # on the box in no way reflected the model # on Amazon for the FAVI.  The seller put a printed label on the box stating it was a FAVI, but I did not see FAVI anywhere in the booklet or the box, nor the correct model #.  Beware purchasing this keyboard from sellers other than Amazon.  Amazon may fulfill the product from their warehouse, but I believe sellers are getting cheaper Chinese knock offs and posing them as FAVI keyboards to make a profit.  I returned this product to Amazon for a refund.
It's a great keyboard EXCEPT for the spacebar. The spacebar requires an unusual amount of force, compared to the rest of the keypads. It's frustrating to hit the spacebar and get nothing; and then have to hit it again, harder. It's a design flaw. The spacebar keypad measures five and one-half inches in length but is only most responsive at its center. The keypad is less responsive away from its center; until it tweaks or is completely stuck. If you have heavy hands and gorilla thumbs you may not have a problem. The keyboard seems durable enough for that. Otherwise, I would not recommend it for frustration-free typing.
I have had three of these in the office for about 14 months. On a positive note all three who use the keyboard have found it very comfortable to use. However, on all three after 6 months the ink on the letters began to wear off. After 14 months I am missing 10 letter keys. I do not really need to type but it looks bad. The keyboard is also very loud, there is a distinct and audible sound with every letter you type. This can be annoying when you want to type quietly while on the phone with someone. As a note be sure to press the grey button under the keyboard after you change the batteries, otherwise it will not restart.
I like the overall feel and you can't beat the price. But i didn't notice before purchasing that the Home/End/Delete and arrows keys are smaller than normal size. If i planned to use this as my primary keyboard, this makes things awkward enough that i'd return it and step up to the next model.
Not much to say-the large number of negative reviews point out a quality control issue with this item.  If you buy this keyboard and  the "enter" key stops working, don't bother re-installing the driver, downloading from Microsoft, etc.-I've done all that for you.:>}  Either use the "enter" key on the number pad (you'll learn a lot about muscle motor memory if you do) or buy a new unit.
I love Logitech.  The first trackball I owned from them lasted nearly eight years.  They've been making some of the best, most durable input products for as long as I can remember.  Being in something of a financial bind lately, I was hoping that I could buy an older model for cheap to replace my ailing, ancient mouse. Please, make no mistake.  This keyboard and mouse combination is not cheap because it has been replaced by the newest, shiniest model.  It is cheap because it is absolutely awful. There are all sorts of issues with this thing.  The laser mouse has trouble tracking on most surfaces.  The scroll wheel doesn't scroll, but it does work as a button.  If you press the mute button on the keyboard, it will become stuck down.  It did this right out of the box.  The keyboard will occasionally refuse to let you capitalize letters - When you depress the shift key, certain letters will not work.  They'll work just fine as soon as shift is released.  Other letters will work just fine.  Which letters become nonfunctional seems to change with every shift. I thought it might be a missing driver, but no.  There's no software for this marvel, just a program that tells you to turn your keyboard off and on again.  (?!) The items feel incredibly light and cheaply made.  They are all plastic, and there are places where you can see light through the keyboard.  The battery door on the mouse is difficult to get off. It's bizarre.  It's baffling.  It's totally unacceptable, and it's a pollution to Logitech's brand. Let me be clear here:  DO.  NOT.  BUY.
Let me start off by saying that I have been using this keyboard for the past 6+ months so I've put it through it's paces. I got it from Amazon for around $30 at the time. It was a pretty great deal for what I was going to use it as, just simply a keyboard and touchpad to give me some room on my desk. I got the product somewhat quickly, got it out of the plastic bag and was pretty impressed. They keyboard was built pretty well, it looked pretty nice and it had a kind of cool funky design on the touchpad. I started using it right away, that was when I noticed the many defects. The keys are REALLY close together. I constantly find myself hitting the key next to the one I want more often times than not. Also, sometimes when I hit the keys, it doesn't really register that I hit one of the keys so that makes me have to pound on the keyboard sometimes to get it to figure out that I hit the key. It takes about 30 seconds of hitting the volume buttons for it to finally start changing the volume. That is very annoying. On to the touchpad.... I hate this thing. The two finger scrolling hardly ever works, you have to basically try to force your fingers through the touchpad to get it to register that you're trying to scroll. Also, sometimes when I'm moving the cursor around, it just randomly starts to select a bunch of text. This is probably because I accidentally hit the touchpad twice very quickly but it is annoying. Also, I use an application called RocketDock and sometimes when I would go to click o one of the applications, I would accidentally drag the application off of the dock and it would disappear and it would take ages to get back. Again, the double touch thing strikes again. Overall, this keyboard is really difficult to use and I can't wait to get rid of it when I buy my new keyboard this summer to go with my new computer that I'm building. It's a Logitech as I feel Logitech makes very sound products, I have a speaker system from them and I LOVE it. Hopefully the new keyboard will preform better.
This keyboard is small, comes with a touchpad, laser pointer and above all is blue tooth. All of these attributes make this a great little home entertainment theater keyboard. The trackpad seems responsive and allows for tap clicking but no multitouch. The connection to computers couldn't be easier, it even connects to other computers that have built in blue tooth. The biggest issue I have is that the range is just terrible, I have the dongle plugged into the computer and if anything is in the way or I have more than 4 feet away, if that, the keyboard becomes very unresponsive or stops working altogether. Basically this ruins one of the main reasons why I purchased this product; to sit on the couch and scroll through my media or simply browse the net. I gave this a 3 star because of the range being horrible and it really should be better. Again, everything about this keyboard is great, when you are close it works flawlessly and is the best small form factor keyboard at this price point that there is. If the range was better, this product would definitely be a 5 without a doubt.
This keyboard looks beautiful, but don't be fooled by its appearance. Keys are very hard to press. Several keys that you will use very often are even harder: The space, backspace and enter key. It really hurts my hands after using it for less than 10 minutes.  Although I ordered it from Office Depot yesterday for a surprisingly low price - $22, I am returning it. A cheaper keyboard, Microsoft Comfort Curve Keyboard 2000 is much better, although its "Backspace" is also stupidly harder to press than other keys.
The spacebar is practically unusable.  If you hold your hands in a normal position then you'll likely hit the bar near the edge.  Due to a pitifully bad design the spacebar will bend incredibly far before suddenly snapping and finally registering the keypress.  Yes, if you press it closer to the middle then it will work (but still requires far too much force to be considered ergonomic).  Why should anybody have to use a non-standard typing style to use a keyboard, though?  Doesn't that defeat the purpose of supposedly being ergonomic?  It's just really difficult to understand how such a bad design got onto the market.  Absolutely don't waste your time on this keyboard.
The loud and sticky space bar ruins what would otherwise be a wonderful keyboard. All of them seem to do this (per other reviews) It is a function of the fact that there is one switch in the center of the space bar and the force at either side of the bar causes it to rack to that side and twist the guide above the switch, increasing the energy needed to push the bar down. (The torsion bar doesn't do its job.) Then it makes a loud noise when it hits the bottom. I would not want to use this in a public setting. Since I like the layout, I'm going to try to fix it, but I have a machine shop at my disposal. If I didn't, I'd throw this away.
I was very disappointed in this product I got it at my job at staples because it was on sale plus my discount help lower the cost. I work in the tech department and I sell technology all day and would recommend Logitech products to all my customers. However this keyboard was just plain garbage. It has bad delay and response time on it. Sometimes taking 10 secs or more to show the text.  I'm literally 4 1/2 feet from my desktop and it doesn't want to register 60% of the time. The mouse works just fine and is very comfortable and the keyboard itself, it is very comfortable and the shortcuts on it are very useful. But it just doesnt do what it needs to do. I would recommend spending more money on a better one that will not give you problems. Also a great alternative is Microsoft's wireless 800 keyboard. I paid the same price for it and it works much better. I am currently typing on it at the moment. 2/5 stars logitech went horrible on this.
This was bought for one of the attorneys at our firm after the rave reviews two other attorneys gave it.  We do a lot of typing in this office and so the attorney was hoping that this would make the work more comfortable.  Unfortunately, like other 1-star reviews, he couldn't stand the hard spacebar.  He made a go of it for about a day or two before bringing it back to the front office for return.  Makes us glad we didn't toss the box or his old keyboard.
First off, let me say that this is a pretty solid keyboard.  No complaints about the quality. However, be aware that Microsoft decided to rearrange several clusters of keys on this keyboard.  The arrow keys are in a diamond pattern rather than the traditional (and IMHO efficient) "inverted-T".  Also, the home/end/insert/del/pg up/pg down cluster has been dissected and rearranged, which causes me no end of grief and mis-keys. As a touch-typist and a programmer, I've come to expect these keys to be in a certain position.  I don't see any added value from Microsoft's updated positioning of these keys.  However, they definitely do ding my productivity. Your milage may vary.
This keyboard would be perfect except for one damnable flaw: the space bar is very, very hard to depress.  The lower middle of the bar requires a reasonable force, but the left and right sides, particularly the upper left and upper right, cannot be depressed at all. Depending on your hand size and thumb position, perhaps this is not relevant. But for me the keyboard is completely unusable. I would not recommend this keyboard to anyone.
This remote keyboard appears to ONLY work with it's supplied usb dongle. built in bluetooth receivers in various laptops do not seem to see the keyboard. It works as expected with the supplied dongle ok. Has anyone run into this and if so have you found a way for it to work with built-in bluetooth? The touchpad is like all touchpads in my experience. it sucks possible my fingers are to big and skin to dry. I use this to play avi,mkv etc files and it works just fine for that. regular keyboard mouse use would be only in extreme emergencies, and that a'int happening
I use this for an HTPC as a backup to the remote. Sometimes you can't avoid using the mouse or keyboard even with an HTPC.  It's not the most responsive device.  I had to use a USB extension cable and put the receiver way up high on my entertainment unit in order to get a good response range.
After a few days of purchasing this keyboard and using it mainly for my PS2. It would freeze up and prevent me from typing or moving. I would have to unplug the keyboard from my ps2 and plug it back in. And it would do it a few more times during the day.
After getting tired of aches and pains associated with keyboard use, reading lots of great reviews about this keyboard, and finally getting a deal on one here, I gave it a shot.  For about a month, I used this as my primary keyboard.  Then, I happily unplugged it and am hoping now to find it a new home. I could handle the sheer bulk of it, though I didn't care for it.  I even got used to the fact that I often mistyped things (I use a sort of modified touch typing method where the finger closest to the key in question hits it rather than the "right" finger) because of the curved layout. What I couldn't get used to was the feeling that I needed to reach down into the keyboard (because of the length wrist rest) and pound the keys to get them to register.  The space bar was especially problematic. I couldn't just "tap it".  I had to whack it pretty hard, and even then it often didn't register. I ended up going from a touch typist who didn't have to look at the keyboard often to someone who had to keep staring at the keyboard to figure out where the heck some of the keys were or why I kept getting a B when I wanted an N. It may have helped shoulder and wrist pain a bit, but it caused my fingers to hurt terribly from having to hit the keys harder than I liked. Apart from those complaints, the keyboard worked as designed, required no special installation effort on Windows 7 x64, and the various little extra buttons all did what they were supposed to do. For now, I've gone back to my Logitech G15 which isn't ideal but suits me a lot more than this one did.
This keyboard is EXTREMELY DELICATE. I've had two and both have gone completely haywire when I spilled an eight of a cup of coffee on them. Otherwise it's great keyboard.
I've been using 2 of 4 of these keyboards for about 3 years and my only complaint is 2 of them have one key each that doesn't work after about 6 months. I like the design but alot of other people do not.
This product unfortunately is unusable for me. It was a waste of money and unfortunately my wife tossed the box or I would return it. I get ~2 foot range if I am lucky.
I got this as a replacement for the chat pad, and cause I've been watching stuff on my tv via my netbook. It works great. it even supports multitouch. And the laser is fun to mess with my cat with. Types well for the 360 S version. Excellent. EDIT: Nov 26/11: I returned this item. The responsiveness declined too rapidly when the product was in use, and something was loose inside, and made me feel like it was broken. I think I'm just going to go with a full size wireless keyboard instead of this anyway. It KINDA felt like typing on a phone but my normal right hand movements were impeded by the space that the trackpad was in. All in all, an OK product, just flimsy and felt a bit clunky to use.
You have to press very hard the left mouse button. Most of the time this causes unpredictable results on the application. I thought after a month of use button will get normal. But it is not, now I have to look for a different keyboard.
This could have been good. The design is great, keys are easy to push. However, it's too small, and the trackpad just doesn't work well enough to warrant not getting off the couch to use my laptop's trackpad. Returned.
I had high hopes for this product but turns out to be not well made.  The space bar sticks and got a replacement.  The replacement I got doesn't stick as much but it still sticks.  I tried using this ergo keyboard but it hurts my wrist more than the typical keyboard.  I type a lot and this is not something I would recommend.  The right side of the keyboard is too wide so you have to reach further for your mouse.  I would think Microsoft will have a better product than this.  I like my other microsoft products (hardware) but this one is not worth fifty something dollars.  The $10 or $20 keyboards are better.
The space bar was hard to press down and caused pain in my thumb joint!  Very bad design, given this is supposed to be ergonomic.
I just got mine a couple hours ago and unfortunately will be returning it tomorrow. Mine came in a plain white box with a small instruction book, this is called a "Quro Q pointer". I decided to try it anyway and after charging, I went to remove the usb dongle and it came out in pieces. after putting it back together I saw how small it was I started investigating more and there are quite a few problems, mainly the distance issue. 6-10 ft max on this unit. They pulled a bait and switch on some of us. I was just chatting with Amazon support and they re-assure me that if I return and re-order I'll get the right one, we'll see. If you get the plain white box with the "Quro Q pointer" don't bother wasting time just return it.
Size is perfect, operation & sensitivity are OK - providing you're in range (which IMO is quite a bit shorter than they advertise). I connected the bluetooth dongle to a USB extension cable to raise it higher (try to improve range), which now just makes the cut for me to use this device with my Home Theater PC from my couch (some 13 feet away). Battery life is good, but I do tend to shut off the Power Switch on the Keyboard when not actively using it...
Small a nice configuration, definitely needs to get used too. Very small and compact, and don't recommend for long use at all. NO Bluetooth, and touchpad is very horrible. It's not even close to Chines fake laptop touchpad!! ( not smooth at all! ) I'm retuning this right away for those two important features or downsides.
The keyboard arrived damaged and I have yet to hear from Amazon about a refund or a replacement.  I am totally dissatisfied.
When I got the device it seemed to be pretty solid and nicely built. But I guess I wasn't one of the lucky ones. To start off the USB receiver was NOT the size pictured, it was much bigger, this was already a big minus for me as it was not as advertised ( Not sure whose fault that was). The device failed to work right out of the box, while the keyboard seemed functional, the receiver did not work at all so I was never able to connect it any devices if see if the keyboard worked. I looked at various guides and such online and I was getting nowhere fast. In end I had the choice having an expensive paperweight/laser pointer, or getting my money back. I would not recommend this device as it is a hit or miss situation.
Keyboard response is stiff/sluggish - especially the spacebar. Not the easy touch keyboard I was looking for. Returned for refund.
I purchased this keyboard to use as a couch potato keyboard with my htpc, but this keyboard receives way too much interference from other wireless devices that transmit on 2.4Ghz. All wireless products HAVE to be allowed to receive interference, but the degree of interference was unacceptable. My main interference source seemed to be my wireless stereo headset manufactured by Sony. While the headset was on, track pad usage on this product was non-existent and keyboard strokes registered 1/10th of the time. Granted this may not occur with other combinations, but if you're using a wireless headset for your TV/PC, avoid purchasing this product.
I really wanted that tiny keyboard/touchpad to complete my HTPC build. Tried really hard to make it work but at the and of the day folks, this thing doesnt worth it. on paper the promising features are: - extremly low form factor - 30 meters range - backlit - rechargable All sounds great but here's my findings after 1 week of trying to make it work: - quite ridicilous effective range - won't work correctly from within 10ft - 50% of keys type are not being transmitted, you end up typing everything twice - stuck keys - electronically not physically Overall nice try, but no cigar. returning to Amazon
The space bar has a lot of resistance, and after using this keyboard for one month, my thumbs are starting to hurt.  Also, when I hit the space bar, I don't always get a space on the screen.  I was hoping the space bar resistance would ease up after some use, but so far, its the same.  I will admit that the rest of the keyboard feels fine.  FYI, I am a small person, don't know if that has anything to do with my space bar issue.
My bad for not looking closer.  There are several issues I have with this keyboard: * Keys don't have that nice soft feeling when you press them like other keyboards (including a previous Microsoft  model) have - very clunky feeling * Spacebar feels small and hard to hit for touch typing (programmer) * the arrow keys and home/end/page up/down keys are in an unusual orientation so now I have to go look and find the appropriate key where before I could naturally hit the right key without looking. I would NOT recommend this keyboard - it's cheaper than comparable models but if you're a touch typer and used to normal configurations then I'd steer away from this keyboard and spend a few extra bucks on something nicer.
My first reaction to using this keyboard was that I would ship it back to Amazon the next day.  The keys feel soft and less clicky than my MS Wireless Pro keyboard ($99).  The keyboard is also pretty large; it's 1" wider from the right side of the main keyboarding area to the right side of the keyboard, which means my arm has to travel an extra 1" to find the mouse.  The keyboard is also quite tall with the front riser installed, and frankly, the keyboard angle is horrible without it--so you might want to lower your keyboard surface or raise your chair to compensate for this. But I stuck with it for a few weeks and overall I'm glad I did.  I still plan to buy a better keyboard, but my hands are much more relaxed than they were with the old conventional keyboard I was using.  I used to use split keyboards (the original MS Natural, for example) but somehow quit using them--but I'm glad I've switched again.  I'll keep this keyboard while I save up for a professional ($200+) ergonomic keyboard.
The ergonomic styling works well, after only a few days I am already seeing less burning sensation in my wrists.. downside is, I am not used to this style of keyboard yet so my WPM rate is down by about 33%... this is not the keyboard's fault, of course. The keys are a bit stiff, resulting in occasional typos due to the key-press not registering. The Spacebar is also somewhat problematic in its design: you have to strike it STRAIGHT DOWN, if you tap it at somewhat of an angle, as you are inclined to do due to the shape of the keyboard, as often as not it will not depress fully. I do appreciate that the numberpad and the function keys (Insert, Delete, Home, etc) are in the traditional arrangement. I will agree that the user should be able to customize the functionality of the Zoom scroll in the center of the keyboard... they should be able to fix this in a driver update, should they decide to do so. Overall, its a good keyboard that could be better, and honestly, I think the $65 retail price is a bit steep for what you are getting. Maybe they will come out with a 4100 or whatever that will address these issues.
I spend a lot of time in front of computers, and I have a variety of keyboards from which to draw comparisons (Microsoft Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000, Microsoft Wirless Laser Desktop 6000, Logitech Cordless Desktop EX110, Sun Type 5 old-style, Sun Type 5 new vintage, Sun Type 6, Apple keyboard, Apple PowerBook, IBM laptop, Compaq laptop, Fujitsu laptop and others). This Microsoft keyboard has heavy keys, requiring more force per stroke than I am used to. For people who have heavy keystrokes, the heavy keys might be okay. For someone like me who likes light keys with positive action and who likes to type with a "fluid" style of motion, this keyboard is far from ideal. I originally got this keyboard to help with my wrist problem, but because of the heavy keys I'm forced to type with harder and more deliberate action than my normal typing style. This both slows down my typing (being more conscious of each stroke, as well as having more typos), and more importantly, my wrist hurts from having to work harder than usual. I would recommend this keyboard only for those who do not mind having heavy keys (as a comparison, if you have an IBM laptop and like the firm keys, this keyboard might be for you). In its defense, the "negative tilt" feature is a plus and I wish some other keyboards offer it as an option. If you want an "ergonomic" keyboard with split and angled key layout, check out the Logitech alternative which feature lighter keys.
This keyboard worked fine, EXCEPT ... if you look closely you'll see that the right shift key is not the same size as the left shift key, and that in its place Logitech has put the up-arrow key.  The right shift key is a small key to the right of the up-arrow.  The result is that if you touch type and you want say an upper-case A, instead you find the cursor has moved up one line and that you're filling text into the middle of whatever was in the line above your original position.  I tried hard to learn to avoid the up-arrow key and to stretch over to the right shift key, but even paying attention as hard as I could I produced gibberish.  If you want to touch-type, I wouldn't recommend this unless you have the patience of a saint.  I used the Adesso before, and it wasn't great for touch-typing either, but much better than this.
I'll start with the positives.  I like just about everything about this little keyboard.  It's light and a great size.  It's just large enough to have good size buttons, but small enough so you can hit the middle buttons with your thumbs.  The buttons have a nice feel, and the trackpad works quite well.  The trackpad is a good size making it useful, but still allowing the keyboard to be small.  The 'left' and 'right' mouse buttons are a really innovative way to use a mouse on this type of little keyboard. The backlight is bright and really useful if you are using this for an entertainment center. When I first read that it had full support the Mac Fn buttons I was skeptical, but to my surprise they are all fully supported!  Which is perfect for me because I was planning on turning my old Macbook into a little entertainment center for streaming HD Netflix to my tv and whatnot.  I didn't use it enough to test how long the battery lasts, but I like that it has a rechargeable battery. Now for the negative.  The range is absolutely terrible.  The distance from my TV to my couch is only about 7 feet (I have a small apartment) and it could not make the distance.  I tried putting my laptop on a little shelf under my coffee table and it would not work without a direct visual line to the computer.  Honestly, even when I turned my computer around it would not work.  The mouse would be incredibly delayed and if the keyboard was used it would become stuck on a letter an put it in multiple times as if you just held it down.  I tried various distances to see the maximum and it was only about 2 feet and still had a little delay.  It only worked flawlessly if you had it directly in front of the computer.  Also, it comes with a small bluetooth USB key/dongle/adapter, but that did not work for me either.  It does come with a mini-cd for drivers, but that will not fit in the cd drive Apple has on their computers (since it is not a tray, but rather just a slot that aligns the cd itself once inputted).  I tried to find the drivers online to no avail.  I also tied this keyboard with a few PC's, but it had the same terrible result. In all I am really disappointed.  The fact that almost everything is right about this little keyboard makes it so hard to dislike.  I really struggled giving this one star, but without a reasonable range, or any range at all, it renders the whole thing useless.
I bought this item a couple months ago to use with my PC attached to my living room LCD TV. I loved it at first.. till I realized I was spending a lot of time leaning forward to get it to pick up on the remote dongle barely 6' away and getting halfway through something and having to charge it.  You can't seem to use it while it's charging, and the battery life, while OK, is nothing amazing. the only way to reliably have the keyboard ready was to plug it in daily, or at least every other day.  The touch pad mouse is just fine, for what it is, and the 2 thumb typing on this board  is actually pretty good. Overall I'd hesitate to buy it unless you are going to be plugging it in nightly and not going to be more than 5-6' away from teh receiver.
This keyboard/mouse combo is so close to perfect, yet so far. One simple problem kept it from achieving a perfect score from me. Unfortunately, that one problem knocked three stars off. PROS: Thin, lightweight and simple. Easy to type on. I type >100 wpm and have no difficulty with this keyboard. For those reviewers saying it's hard to type on, I don't know what they're demanding. The extra shortcut keys are pretty awesome. The range is excellent. I needed something to control my bedroom movie-watching tv/laptop combo and my old wireless keyboard couldn't reach the 8' needed from laptop to pillow. This new unit works 100% perfectly at that distance. The USB dongle is tiny and unobtrusive. It's awesome! A great change from my bulky PS2 IR transmitter that had 4' cords for both the keyboard and mouse. Gets rid of a significant amount of cable pasta. Batteries are already inserted in both the keyboard and mouse. Upon purchase, just pull out little pieces of plastic blocking the terminals and you're ready to go. Auto-detected in XP and worked immediately. No drivers included and apparently unneeded. CONS: I have seen few keyboard without, what I'm calling, the right-click key. Might be called the menu key, I don't remember. Anyhow, it's the key that allows you to bring up the same menu that right-clicking on your mouse would bring up. Unlike most computer users, I use the mouse as little as possible. I am a fast and efficient worker because I know all the keyboard shortcuts and tricks. Without the menu key, I'm crippled. Now, granted, this keyboard does allow it, but you have to perform a two-keystroke combination. The Function key replaces the menu key and you have to perform FN+scroll lock I think. Pain in my butt. I never knew how much I used the menu key until I didn't have it. For example, as I type this review, I'm constantly correcting spelling mistakes in Firefox. My old keyboard allows me to immediately bring up the correction box with one keystroke. This new unit requires either going to my mouse or performing a cumbersome two-keystroke combination. So bothersome! With that, what is with the different key placements for Home, End, Insert, Delete, etc? I have three different wireless Logitech keyboards here and they all have different placements for these keys. It's very, very annoying to not be able to blindly hit these keys universally. The mouse is a simple two-button with scroll wheel. I thought I had read that this has a page-back and page-forward button. I don't see one. No big deal. I rarely use the mouse in my bedroom. Mouse is also kind of small. This unit is marketed for laptop use and I guess that means slightly smaller keyboards and mice. The USB dongle fits on the underside of the mouse via a cheap snap clip like what you find on those $5 ponchos. While effective, the dongle sticks away from the mouse the entire height of the dongle. You'd think they would design it to sit flush inside the mouse. The dongle will become unsnapped in most peoples' laptop bags. CONCLUSION: Many of you read this review and thought I'm being overly-demanding about a menu key. Maybe so, but it's a requirement for me and thank goodness this isn't my primary keyboard. If it was, I'd have to return it. Since it's not, it's so awesome I can't really complain. There are so many positives that most of you will be able to overlook my gripes. Unfortunately, I cannot.
I specifically bought this for my HTPC Media Center box in the living room.  The range isn't that great and the mousepad isn't really sensitive enough for fine adjustments.  I love the size and rechargability and everything else about it but actually using it doesn't work well for my requirements.
Does not work I have to set and plug and unplug till it works then works spotty at best. cant use it type because of it bad respons. Please DO NOT buy this prduct.
This is my third Microsoft Keyboard 4000 in as many years. Black coffee killed the other two and will probably spell the end of this one at some point. Prior to the 4000s I had an ergonomic keyboard from Microsoft that lasted for years and through countless coffee spills. Microsoft discontinued that model and I couldn't find it anywhere online so I moved reluctantly to the 4000. I switched to ergonomic keyboards after twenty years of working at computers with standard keyboards when I started developing pain in my wrists and forearms. They have done the job in terms of eliminating the pain and providing a comfortable typing experience. I'd recommend ergonomic keyboards in general but the primary reason I am not trying a different model at this point is that I'd rather pay the money and not have to adjust to a different layout. That being said, if you don't drink while working at the computer then this keyboard should serve you well. (update 9/9/11 - a tiny coffee spill and this one bit the dust. Decided to give Logitech a try.)
As others have stated - inconsistent usability. Having used a Lenovo wireless keyboard, this pales in comparison. The Lenovo feels nice in your hand and responsiveness is fantastic. This feels awkward in your hands since it is wide when oriented for typing. Half the time, this ProMini does not work as expected which is very frustrating. What is expected? Well, I would not expect you would have to manually turn on the back lighting (which is not equally lit on all keys) and if you forget, the battery drains quicker. I would not expect the signal to be inconsistent (TV is only 6 ft from device) and apparently tied to orientation of device. If you don't use the device for a few minutes, it goes into some sleep state and then have to press a variety of keys to wake up. Not usable for me and am returning and opting for the new Lenovo with back lighting.
Opened it up, instruction manual is very basic. With the RF model that I purchased it's range is limited to about 15 feet. Also if it's not within direct lone-of-sight then it won't respond. Kind of a dissapointment.
After programming for 12 hours a day for 6 months with a normal rectangular keyboard in my lap, I found one day that it became so painful to use my hands I couldn't type. My back hurt terribly. I switched to a split keyboard and got a proper chair that set the keyboard at a height so my elbows formed a 90 degree angle - essentially following all the professional ergonomic advice for workstations that my research uncovered. After a few months I was back to normal. Just look at your wrists when you type! If they are bent and you type a lot, how long do you think is it going to be before you are one of the many victims of repetitive stress injury? It's very sad that companies listen to the false propaganda that many furniture vendors tell them about workstations being "ergonomic". Just go on the web and look at the proper posture for a computer workstation. When you are young, your body can often tolerate lousy posture at a workstation but it may catch up to you. I hope that some of you will take steps to avoid injuring yourself. I have tried several of Microsoft's split keyboards and found that the space bar and some other keys did not operate smoothly on several models so I returned them. This keyboard is not only less expensive than those, but all the keys operate smoothly and with a small amount of noise. I like having a little sound and tactile feedback to let me know that I've pressed a key. This one is just right. The space bar is well situated and works well. The slope of the keyboard is just fine - very natural. I don't use any of the software bells and whistles for keyboards. They just never seem to work reliably and mess up the computer on updates, so I'm happy that this didn't come with a disc. In fact remember I said I tried one of the more expensive MSFT keyboards? Well now the software it installed cannot be deleted from my machine! The reason for giving this three stars instead of five, is that the arrow key group, which I use frequently is made for people with very, very tiny fingers - mine are not) and so are useless for me. The last split keyboard I had was better designed in this regard, but they are out of business. So I use the arrow key functions on the keypad and am getting used to switching the NumLock button on/off. Someone else mentioned that MSFT messed with the arrangement of the Home/End/Delete/Insert/PG Down/Pg Up group. I agree with their complaint. Besides making those keys smaller than older boards, I see no reason for them to have rearranged them, but I'm sure that in time my hands will get used to it. One last word of advice. The wrist rest may seem like a nice feature, but it can lure you into a bad habit. If you rest your wrist on it such that you bend your hand up to reach the keys you may cause yourself some wrist problems. If your arms are at the right angle, and the keyboard at the right height you will find it is actually more comfortable to type without resting your wrists on anything. So all in all, the keys operate nicely, it's reasonably quiet and seems that it will be around my office for quite some time.
6 months ago, my workgroup purchased 10 Microsoft 4000s. Two of them have already died, and the key decals are disappearing from the rest. Compared to the original Microsoft Natural Keyboard Elite , the 4000 has a much less accurate key response (it feels "squishy"), and the larger distance from the right side of the keyboard means your arm has to travel farther to reach the mouse, making "mouse elbow" more likely. Bottom line: Skip the 4000 and go with the Elite. The extra features you get with the 4000 (like the zoom controller and soft keys) are marginal at best and don't make up for the lack of reliability.
I bought this to help with carpel tunnel but it has made it worse  You have to really push to use the keys and stretch like crazy if you have small hands  i have made 6 mistakes typing this..nope 7..bad news for me
As far as an ergonomic keyboard goes, it's a great keyboard.  The programmable buttons are good and the soft palm rest is perfect for my hands.  Why only 3 stars out of 5?  The lettering on the keyboard started wearing out almost immediately.  My M, V, and C are completely gone, the S, D, L, <, and > are half gone after a few months.  No other keyboard I've owned has had the lettering wear out, even after a year or so of use.  Take that issue away and it would have 5 stars, but the lettering disappearing is a serious issue.
If you bought a Cadillac, and they delivered a Hyundai, you'd be upset. It's not that Hyundais are bad vehicles, or that you can't drive to places in them--IT'S SIMPLY NOT WHAT YOU PURCHASED. This product is listed as a *FAVI* keyboard, and FAVI does make such a device. However, I'm pretty sure this isn't it. This product, its packaging, and its instruction manual (which is a joke) have NO MANUFACTURER INFORMATION whatsoever. There's no copyright notice, no service number, no website, nothing. This isn't just suspicious, it's shady. The box says "Ultra Mini Keyboard" and seems legit until you realize that whoever produced this thing isn't willing to take any credit (or blame) for it. I almost returned it immediately, but I hooked it up and it works--for now. That's why I am willing to give it two stars instead of one. I use this keyboard for frequent classroom presentations, but I fear that the first time I drop it (or sneeze on it) it will stop working altogether. If that happens, I'll be back to downgrade my rating to one star. Until then, I'm taking off three stars for selling me a damn knockoff!
This keyboard is defective, i'm not sure if it's just the one i got or the model.  The keyboard doesn't sit flush on my desk.  The keyboard both with the "legs" extended and flat does not make contact with my desk on the upper right side.  This causes the keyboard to move accidently unless i'm purposefully not pressing forward on the keyboard with my wrists.  Also the keyboard tends to wobble while tpying, enough to the point where its a noticeable annoyance. I bought it on a whim from a goldbox offer for $20 and i'm going to have to return it, i'm quite disappointed.
ridiculous: the space bar doesn't work properly. this, i realized too late, is a known design flaw that microsoft hasn't bothered to fix in years of selling this product. disgraceful
bought this combo a year ago. mouse works fine (eats batteries, but then I rarely turn it off). But this is the first keyboard ever in my computing life (quite long) that quit on me. First I thought I just had "fat fingers" but then the missed strokes became more frequent to the point were it just simply impossible to do any work. It just won't type! I just plugged in the hardwired keyboard that came with my Asus a year or so ago until I research the wireless keyboards on the market now... Disappointed in the product.
The mouse is rather lousy, and chews through batteries really fast.  The mouse is so bad I ended up buying a different wireless pointing device.
I alternate this keyboard (which has a 10-key) with the Logitech DiNovo keyboard (more comfortable, but no 10-key).  But I have small hands and my fingers get very tired on this keyboard.  I'm always straining and reaching, and it's not nearly as comfortable.  I think I'll end up going back to the MX5500 from Logitech.  Loved that keyboard, but the keys only held up for a little over a year before getting really difficult to use.  But I do lots of keyboarding.
First off, I did give this some time to adapt to (around 1 week) and it is not the positioning that I have an issue with, it is the tactile feedback of the keys. I am not expecting mechanical keyboard feedback, but these keys are some of the hardest keys to press down for a membrane keyboard. Pressing down the space bar especially makes your thumb tired quickly. This defeats half the purpose of an ergonomic keyboard if you have to strain constantly just to press down the keys. Also, the size of the keyboard is just monstrous. I'm not sure where you would be able to put your mouse without having to adjust your space or reach really far out with your arm, again defeating the purpose of the ergonomic factor. I am returning the keyboard as we speak. I would rather type on a better feedback experience (mechanical classic layout) than an ergonomic with the stiffest keys of any keyboard I have ever used.
This wireless keyboard is a waste of money. It worked for 45 days only. After that it stopped responding. Tech support was not helpful. Won't buy from this company (Favi) again.
Being the owner of both a home server and a HTPC this seemed like the answer to my dream of a pair of full featured micro keyboards with a trackpad and I was excited to give one a go. The package arrived and inside was a cheap plain white paper box with with the keyboard dongle and a USB charging cable. The battery was dead so I charged it for a few hours and then gave it a go. Imagine my disappointment when I discovered that the range was so limited that the USB dongle had to be on the front of the PC and even then the range was only 3-5 feet. Really once past 3 feet the responsiveness dropped to unacceptable levels. Too short even for a presentation kbd/mouse much less a HTPC. To make matters worse it only lasted a day before it stopped communicating with the PC. If the manufacturer had built in a 30ft range and maintained a bit more quality control I've have bought a second, but as it is I'm taking advantage of Amazon's return policy and sending it back.
I already had a Logitech keyboard with which i was quite happy, so i tried this mouse/keyboard combo in order to reduce the number of usb ports used. Both work and i have no problems with the mouse. But the keyboard is lacking in terms of how it feels to type. The keys do not spring back very well and the net result is that typing is not as comfortable as it could be.
Had this for a few days now and the mouse movement is sometimes choppy and doesn't seem to be transmitting well even though the dongle is located not even three feet away. The keyboard also randomly stops transmitting for a second randomly throughout use. I had to get something else immediately because it was impossible to play games with this piece of junk. Should have know it was crap by the price, avoid this one!
I was a little skeptical of this but I ordered it because I wanted a wireless keyboard and mouse combo that had the functionality I was looking for in my newly built media center cpu. I have found that product in the Rii Mini . It is really responsive( at least 15 feet away, which is all you would want to be) and the keys type just like you would text on a phone. The backlight LED is nice and bright and it seems to charge very easily via the usb port. I wish they would have included a charger cord with the purchase, but luckily for me I had an extra one I use for my 3D glasses. So far, I am impressed. For what its intended for, which is a media center/games/entertainment keyboard and mouse, it works very well. Edit: Typing on this can be frustrating. Only use for gaming set up where minimal typing is required.
The main keys are fairly quiet, but the spacebar "clacks" like a gun going off in comparison. After 5+ years (this keyboard was introduced in 2005) I would have thought Microsoft would have fixed this issue that has been mentioned in even it's earliest reviews - see "Microsoft Natural Keyboard" for yourself on wikipedia and read the "any luck on the SPACE bar?" discussion here on Amazon. Buyer Beware! Microsoft - fix your S*tuff! The keyboard does look sleek though -- the only reason for the 2 stars! The main keys are a bit quieter than my 10+ yr old "Microsoft Natural Keyboard" but overall that one is quieter compared to the constant "clack" (like there's ducks in my office) of the space bar. I still prefer my old PS/2 white (now yellow) keyboard w/o all of the "hot keys" which is working great still but just no pretty anymore. =(
after searching a long time for the ideal keyboard for HTPC, i got the FAVI entertainment wireless keyboard at the end.  it's small enough so i don't need two hands to hold, and it started to work after a couple hours of charging.  i played with it a few days & I found that the signal strength is good (15 ft away), backlight is easy to see, key presses all respond properly.  the only gripe i have about is the touchpad, which does not work at all right out of the box.  i tried to see if there's any way to repair it, but couldn't.  i can still navigate fine without the touchpad but this keyboard lost a major capability without touchpad.
After receiving product. USB charge cable is defective and did not charge keyboard. I switched to another mini usb cable and was able to charge the keyboard. After pluging usb dongle, Windows automatically installed HID keyboard and mouse drivers. I switched on keyboard but it did not connect. I tried different usb ports, rebooting. Nothing worked. I tried on different computer with no success. Sending the unit back.
Nuts and bolts here.  If you are 1 foot away from the receiver, it works pretty well.  The layout is decent, and the trackpad is actually pretty good- if all you need is a wireless mouse, it does "ok".  By ok, my feeling is this- when you are sitting on the couch, trying to use Boxee or Hulu, it won't register key clicks, then will send a few dozen at the same time- winding up with repeating letters as some of the other reviewers have mentioned.  I've been using it now for over a month, and frankly it's gotten more frustrating to use as I've gone along- I'm ordering something else, but unfortunately, it looks like all of the different options out there suck.  Perhaps just as a controller for powerpoints, but then it's too big, and I can see it all of a sudden flashing through a dozen slides in the middle of  a sales preso..... so probably not. I would not recommend, I gave it two stars because it does in fact turn on and when close enough it performs as advertised..... My couch however is less than 10ft from the tv, so unless you are getting a headache from being to close to the tv... probably not a great option.
I upgraded from the Microsoft Natural Ergo Keyboard to this one and I am back to using my original keyboard.  The good thing about this keyboard is that it allows you type in a more comfortable and natural position.  The wrist rests are a bit softer than my original natural ergo keyboard. If you use this for typing out letters, amazon reviews, and essays, you will do just fine.  That's because your two thumbs will rest in the center of the SPACEBAR.  This is enough force to get desired response. If you use the keyboard for typing and game playing, then you will have an issue with this keyboard.  That's because a gamer will most likely press the SPACEBAR key from the sides and that will cause a sticking seesaw motion with the key.  I went to the store and tested other Microsoft keyboards and it seems they addressed this issue with the wireless 7000 combo keyboard.  It costs a lot more than this one. Let's call this keyboard Windows ME.  It works for some but annoys others.  Go for the 7000 which is Windows XP.  Hope this helps.
The space bar on this new model is TERRIBLE.  Old version much better, lighter, more streamlined...and the space bar (that indispensable key) actually works.
I bought this set from Staples less than a year ago.  I haven't even changed the batteries and it already burned out on me.  I think it is the USB connector because the mouse quit working and the USB connector was really hot.  I'll have to waste time contacting Logitech after less than a year.  Bummer!  buy at your own risk.  HOWEVER, I CALLED LOGITECH AND THEY SENT ME A NEW ONE!!!!
This keyboard has a good shape, and good layout, but the key action feels weird and, it's hard to say... "squeaky"... there is no squeak per-se, but the action isn't liquid smooth. The action has almost a high frequency scrape that makes the nerves in my fingertips recoil in discomfort. I really don't like typing on this keyboard, so for the first time ever, I'm going to replace my keyboard before it's actually worn out.
I have had this keyboard for less than a year and it is already non responsive.  My mother owns one of these also and her's literally lasted 1 month.  Have changed batteries, checked connections etc.  The mouse still works but the keyboard will not reconnect.  Older model that didn't have the stick with it.  It uses a small button device to connect with and then you connect on the keyboard.  Like I said the mouse works but the keyboard never would reconnect.  Would not recommend!
This product is pretty awesome, except one thing.  I don't know if it charges.  I have yet to run out of battery as I have not used it much, but when I tried plug it into the charger, the indicator light does not come on.  I'll just run it down and then plug it in so only time will tell if my product is faulty or not.
In only about 6 months the paint on the keys are worn off badly. About half a dozen keys I can't barely even see! The 'N' which really among all the keys is completely gone! And Microsoft DOES NOT stand behind their products saying normal wear and tear is not covered! So basically I am screwed and they would replace it but it would cost me more than I paid for it originally! I WILL NEVER purchase another hardware product from Microsoft since they don't stand behind their products anymore!
To be blunt, it "crapped out" after 4 months and I don't do a lot of typing. I work on electronics for a living and I know how to care for and maintain devices so I tried to clean it. Nothing changed. It simply had several keys quit working. I had to go back to using the keyboard that came with my computer which is especially disappointing because I got used to the feel of the ergonomic keyboard and liked it.
This keyboad is quite comfotable and looks good. Howeve the comma and left paentheses don't wok and incedibly the r has just stopped woking as I type this eview. I've had to copy the r fom the title to indicate which lette it is! It doesn't matte how comfotable and stylish a keyboad appeas - it has to wok!!! This keyboad is used to supplement my laptop at home so hasn't even had a geat deal of use. Vey disappointing.
This could be a great device.  It is very compact and well built, with good functions.  The range, however, is absolutely ridiculous.  There cannot be ANY objects in the way and you cannot use it in the next room (if you also use the same computer on your living room TV).  I had an off-brand wireless keyboard before and I could go across the house with it and it would never skip a beat.  The responsiveness of this keyboard is good if you are right next to the receiver, but the touchpad is not so responsive no matter where you are.  The backlit keyboard is nice and you can turn it on/off as you please.  The built in laser pointer is also nice.  Don't get me wrong, this is a neat little device... but what is the point of a wireless mini keyboard if you have to sit in front of the computer to use it?
I was thinking I just picked a keyboard that happen to have a problem with the space bar...which sometimes happens with mass produced items.  Every once in a while a unit ships that has a flaw.  But after coming to look at the price - to compare amazon with the price I paid - I looked at the review and someone wrote yesterday that they have the exact same problem. So I think I'll return this one to the store and buy the other one I was looking at - the same one I use at work.  I just type too much and too fast to deal with this space bar and I don't think it's going to improve.
Probably a very good product, but I've been unable to use it because it is too big to fit in my keyboard drawer in my desk.  It's really really big - and tall - which you don't see from the photo.
I bought this to replace an older ergonomic keyboard and it has not disappointed.  No bells and whistles (which I like) and it looks good with my black computer monitor.
The space bar is terrible.  Sticks horribly and shows shoddy design in that respect.  The other keys feel muddy if you will, no real good feedback, and sticks a lot due to the angle your hands rest.  I'll get used to it, but definitely not of the quality I had expected.
The Logitech K400 is exactly what I needed to replace the full sized wired keyboard and wired trackball I'd been using for my PC which shares a desk with my Mac Mini.  With two computers, space and clutter are issues, so this compact wireless combo keyboard is perfect.  The trackpad is ok (can't compare to the Apple Magic Pad), but the buttons on the pad are a bit flimsy and definitely unreliable -- takes a really firm click to register.  So bad I'm considering returning for a replacement. The bigger issue though is the positioning of the right hand <shift> key.  It is a square (not rectangle) key positioned all the way to the right and not in the relative position, so touch typists will be maddened by the fact that every time they <shift>, they press the <up arrow> instead.  Over time, I'll no doubt adjust, but right now it's driving me crazy, so anyone that is going to use this for real typing needs to be aware of this flaw.
Sometimes the keyboard's signals are delay.  So you go off typing but nothing will appear on your screen for 6 seconds.  I changed the batteries but still the same.
I hate this keyboard.  I've been a touch typist for many years, including on those with "Natural" keyboard layout, but never seem to find the right key on this one.  Thumbs down!
This is the only keyboard I have ever seen with no lights to show when num lock or Cap lock are on. Also noisy keys due to springs.
This wireless keyboard is ok. Pretty good keyboard only complaints are some of the keys need a hard press to function. Also the mouse pad is a little flakey. I'd like the option to turn off the touch pad "selection" option too.
I bought this keyboard because I liked the idea of a silent natural keyboard.  However, the product is not totally silent.  The space key made a loud click whenever I pressed it.  (very annoying) When I removed the space key to see if something was wrong, there was nothing to suggest anything was broken.  When I put the space key back into the keyboard, some of the letters started making a clicking noise.  Now it was worse than when I began.  I tossed the keyboard and will look for a more expensive, reliable natural quiet keyboard.  I guess you get what you pay for!
I love the idea of having a keyboard that's small enough to be stored with other remotes.  More and more people are getting their entertainment online and through their entertainment center, so this product makes a lot of sense.  Unfortunately, it didn't come with a wireless reciever to plug into my pc.  It only came with a very short usb cable, presumably for charging the device.  The main purpose of this device should be for sitting across the room and using the internet, and to me it makes no sense using that short usb cable.  Either I'm missing a part, or the product is falsely advertised.
This is just great.  I love it and the wireless is really wireless. My last Logitech was wireless but had a hardwire receiver which added to work station clutter.  This has a USB wireless "dongle" and it is a really nice feature.  Virtually no cable. Only negative, the mouse is a bit too small and too sensitive.  It just clicks a little too easy so at first I had a lot of "miscues".  I'm getting used to it. Plug and Play.  No software to install. I love Logitech and this is another reason why.  Also, the price is really great. Recommend with reservations. 4/24/2011:  I've changed this from 5 star to 3.  Frequently there is a delay between typing and text showing up on the screen.  There are no LED's for "Caps Lock", "Num Lock" and "Scroll Lock".
My fingers had started hurting when I was on my regular Dell keyboard for several hours during the day. Decided to go for this ergonomic keyboard in the hope that it would be easier on the fingers and wrist. This keyboard is more ergonomic no doubt, my fingers hurt a lot less on this. However, the keyboard feels too large, and I often find myself stretching to press the keys. I guess it'll take some getting used to, I've had this for only a week or so. Like some other reviewers have posted, the space bar is ridiculous. I have to jam it every time I need to use it. Maybe I just got a defective on, or it's possible that it will become softer after some more use. If the problem remains, this item is going back. Overall, a nice product, does what it advertises, but these 2 issues make me think twice.
I really liked this gadget for the two weeks it worked.  Plug in and go.  No hassles.  Worked great from across the room, and the backlight made it perfect for piloting the bedroom MythTV box in the dark. One day, it started dropped its connection every time I picked it up to use it.  It used to make its connection within moments of switching it on, but now it would just sit there blinking its backlight on and off once a second while the yellow indicator stayed lit.  Dragging it within inches of the USB dongle would occasionally bring it into sync again, but it never lasted long enough or consistently enough for actual use. Quite a shame.  Nice form, bright but not overpowering backlight, good tactile feel from the switches.  A post-mortem examination showed it's cheaply constructed, but simply designed.  If it worked reliably, it would be a brilliant product.  I hope a more reputable manufacturer manages to take the core of good ideas presented here and produce something genuinely useful.
usb receiver was unarmed, the item did not work for nothing, I lost time and money on this purchase, I would expect it to change
This is a terrible keyboard.  I have always used Microsoft keyboards in the past, but this one is not typical of their normally great design. The space bar is very stiff and it hasn't gotten any better after 4 months of use.  I am throwing it out and buying a competitors product.
I had a different model of this product (looks exactly the same) for years and it worked fantastic.  I dropped it in a beverage and ordered this product as a replacement.  It simply does not work unless you are facing the sensor (which is smaller than the original).  I hope that I will have to amend this review after receiving a replacement. The replacement process has been fantastic thus far.
Warning the device is not Bluetooth!! It s a total rip off!!!!!! You can't do anything at it! It's shipped in a white box with no notice! I'm really not happy about the product it's just worthless!
The keys are very quiet. Almost too quiet. At times it is a little hard to type if you are used to a traditional "click, click" keyboard. Overall though a great buy and I'll purchase one again if needed.
Pros: Attractive appearance. Useful convenience keys. Excellent oversized spacebar. The moderate arc makes it easy to transition between this and conventional rectangular layouts. Inexpensive. Cons: Seems well-constructed overall, but only a modest step-up in quality from OEM keyboards shipped with most new computers. Key switches have soft feel with little tactile feedback. Maximum keyboard tilt is less than most. For styling reasons the bottom row of keys become progressively smaller toward the right side in order to visually align with the arrow keys and number pad. This asymmetry unfortunately results in an undersized right CTRL key.
I have only had the keyboard for a couple of days but the space bar is much to hard to press and I keep missing spaces.  I don't know if I will keep it.  Otherwise I would. I like the zoom feature and the calculator. I would not have gotten it if I had known about the space bar problem.
Microsoft Natural keyboards have been kicking around for a long time, and while they are reasonably inexpensive and decently constructed, I find them even less comfortable to use than flat keyboards.  The only keyboard I have ever found to be a real improvement on standard ones is the oddly shaped Kinesis Advantage USB - Keyboard - USB - black .  I have used mine (an older version, of course) for over ten years, despite its worthless function keys, because it is the only keyboard I can find that lets me type as much as I want without causing my wrists to hurt.  My hands are large with long fingers, but otherwise normal, so I don't know why my experience with ergonomic keyboards seems to be atypical.
I appreciate the keyboard design.  With some practice, I am sure I would have gotten used to the keyboard layout (keep mis-typing).  I can even get around the hight and bulkiness of it, even though it is too hig for the keyboard drawer on my desk.  What I simply could not accept was how sticky the keys are.  I even thought it was a defective keyboard.  But then I went back and re-read the reviews and realized that I missed that about this keyboard, in the negative reviews.  For someone with arthiritic wrists or some other musculoskeletal problem of the hands, sticky keyboards are simply not an option.  It defeats the purpose of a an ergonomic keyboard.
this keyboard mouse is advertised to have a range of 90 feet and doesnt even work at 25 feet.  i use my computer as a home entertainment system with the tv in my bedroom and living room being my monitors.  the computer tower is in a lower kitchen cabinet about 20 feet from my living room tv and it work ok there but at abou 25 feet it doesnt work at all in my bedroom, its a total joke and waste of hard earned money!  i understand that it has to go through two walls to get to my room but when it has a range of that far it should reach no problem.
I own two keyboards that I purchased from this product entry on Amazon, but they are not the same. The first one I bought in the summer of 2010 and the company name was called Rii. That product is GREAT and I give it 5 stars, with the only minor issue being that I've not been able to get it recognized before the OS boots to be able to change BIOS settings. I would absolutely buy it again if I could, and in fact I tried. But the second one arrived from FAVI and it is poor quality - about 20% of the keypresses don't work, and the mouse pad isn't sensitive enough. Since I guess every keyboard purchased from now on will be the FAVI one, I'm giving this only two stars.
I had a Belkin Wave keyboard before this Microsoft Elite one, so perhaps this wouldn't have been a problem if I didn't know that a better alternative exists.  The Microsoft Natural Keyboard Elite is easy to type on - the keys feel light and you don't need to use too much pressure.  The main problem I have (and something I wish I realized *before* I purchased the keyboard) is the placement of the 6 number key.  On the Belkin wave keyboard, the 6 is placed so that you can reach it with your right hand, just as you would on a standard keyboard.  On the Microsoft Elite keyboard, the 6 is placed on the left-hand side.  It basically means that I have to re-program my typing so that I go for the 6 with my left hand, even though I've been typing a 6 for the majority of my life with the right hand.  Every time I try to type a 6 on the Microsoft keyboard, I grumble inside, because I *always* try with the index finger of the right hand first.  If I had known about this key placement issue before buying the keyboard, I wouldn't have bought this model.
Very neat but the novelty quickly makes way for hair-pulling frustration. For use as a keyboard to operate a home theater projector hooked up to a computer, it can work just barely good enough to not have to get up and just do it on a real keyboard. Barely. Mostly the issues are trying to navigate with the tiny mouse-pad, and not accidentally clicking everything the cursor is on, bad if you have 1-Click set-up on Amazon... The connectivity is crumby too, but I wasn't too surprised by it. Sort of assumed there wasn't much transmitter power. Sitting about 8 feet away from where it's plugged into the laptop, it takes a number of button presses on the keyboard to get it to connect then with a clear line of sight from it to the receiver, it works ok. The top row of keys makes NO sense. They have a row of all the F1, F2 etc buttons and they do nothing but they have a very useful secondary function for controlling volume, play, stop, etc for your media if you press the 'function' button at the same time.  Why in the world it's a two handed operation to lower the volume when these buttons don't even have a useful primary function isn't very thoughtful and only adds to the overall frustration of using it. I have chosen to stop using it because it is just too frustrating and I will get a larger/ more reliable wireless keyboard to just get it to work when I want it to. Conclusion: Great 'lil gadget/concept, wish it worked better, hope someone fixes the bugs in the next version or comes out with a better one. When this came out it was $50. I feel very bad for the people who paid that for this beta test. Knowing what I know now, I would not pay more than $15 for this new.
Sorry, but the keyboard is just too cramped and the unusual position of Shift and arrow keys makes me screw up pretty much every time I am trying to type a question mark. This thing is hard to type a quick email on, and I wouldn't even try to do any kind of work on it. It looks cool, and I really tried to like it, but it's just not practical even for "lite" use. It's kind of a chore to even type up a facebook comment.
I ordered this keyboard in order to remove wires out of my desk and get some mobility. The purpose was achieved. It is small and light. But, I neglected that it is not a full-size keyboard.  It does not have separate 'Home', 'End', 'Page Up' and 'Page Down' keys that I use very frequently.  It may be all right as a secondary keyboard, but not as a replacement of desktop keyboard and mouse.
It is basically a cheap piece of plastic, but it seems to work just fine. It is a low priced ergonomic unit, and I will buy it again when it wears out.
I purchased this keyboard a little over 3 months ago and already the letters are coming off the keys and the spacebar sticks.
I like the feel and design of this keyboard.  It currently doesn't work on my laptop until I am in Windows.  I do have the bios setup for USB support but still nothing. A ps2/usb adapter doesn't help the situation. I have not tried it on another PC so not sure if it is specific to my Dell laptop or not.
...well, almost. This keyboard is honestly nothing short of ridiculous. I bought this keyboard with all intentions of being a satisfied, ergonomically correct individual. It arrived on my door step after a one day Prime delivery, I opened it up and went to town. I type on a keyboard nearly 24 hours a day with my job, so I was ready to put it to the test. Instantly I noticed that the spacebar took about 100 pounds of force to push down. And my poor (normal) human thumb doesn't quite exert that much force. I tried it out for two days before I decided that it wasn't worth siftingthroughmysentencesto space apart words. I thought this would be a keyboard that I could relax on. On the contrary. I had to almost totally readjust my typing style to even be able to space between words. This keyboard fails simply because the spacebar fails. I really don't understand how it got 4/5 stars collectively. And I promise I'm not being nit-picky! That spacebar is a beast! And just about as loud as one too!
better than std keyboard.  requires software installation to work.  should be plug and pay since it a MS on MS windows.  space key doesn't work well unless hit with both thumbs or near dead center, sticks up when trying hit on top portion of the spacer bar.  Zoom key is up and down, not zoom as in magnification.  Have not tried all the functions but was only looking for an ergo keyboard to save the wrist.  Jab when keyboard is used on the lap.  Had for only 3 days, so can't comment on dependability.
Sometimes I press a key once, and it types a dozen characters. The mousepad is not that great either. They keys are arranged in a straight rectangle fashion, not staggered like a regular qwerty keyboard, so it's often unintuitive to type on it. But I really like it for it concept and coolness factor. Also like the laser and LED light.
This keyboard is terrible, multiple key strokes are dropped causing the typist to have to constantly backtrack to correct misspellings. Keys on the incline are the worst in this respect, y, h, n, m, t, g, b constantly have to be repressed or pressed with a strength that will tire out the hand.
I use this keyboard with a HTPC setup.  The couch is about 12 feet from the HTPC, and there are no objects or walls in between the two.  Unfortunately, the keyboard is only barely useable when sitting on the couch.  The HTPC is using wireless networking, and it's clear that the more network traffic there is, the worse the reception is for the remote (not surprising since they are using the same frequency range).  In fact, when the wireless connection is fully saturated with traffic, the keyboard barely works even when holding it *immediately next to* its receiver. I could live with that worse case scenario, but only if it was useable from the couch under normal conditions (i.e. while watching streaming video).  Unfortunately, attempting to use it from the couch is so frustrating that I usually have to get up and stand in front of the HTPC.  Which, of course, completely defeats the purpose of having a wireless keyboard/mouse.  Definitely would not purchase again (at any price).
The keyboard arrived and appeared to be in good shape and as advertised.  Very small and compact, appearing to be of good quality, and very easy to install (plug and play). Unfortunately, for about 1/4 of the keys, when you press keys, the keyboard sends two keystrokes - the key pressed and the neighbouring key. Now I'll rewrite that paragraph using the new keyboard: The y]board arruived and appeared to be uin good shape and as advertuised.  Very] sm,all and com,pactm, appearuing t be oof good quialuity]m and very] easy] to uinstall (pluig and play]).  UInfortunatelym, for abouit 1/2 of the jkey]sm, wheen y]oui press the jkey]sm, the jkey]board sends two jkey]strojkes - the jkey] pressed and the neuighbouiruim,g jkey]. As you can see, the product is useless.
I got the rii and liked it fine, until it didn't work.  I think there may have been some sort of power surge when I charged it, whatever it was, it just quit.  Since then I bought a larger sized wireless keyboard with trackball and I wish now that I had gotten that in the first place.  There's no laser pointer but I don't care about that.  I probably only used it a handful of times before it died.  Something to consider.
First, I want to give some clarification to those looking for this type of solution. There are three models/versions of this device. THIS particular model is 2.4GHz wireless and NON BlueTooth. Keep that in mind when choosing between the three available models. If you're looking for a small wireless keyboard that can work with a smartphone then DON'T buy this one. Now,the item is very neat and took me no time at all to get used to the feel. I have seen some complaints about these models' layout. Maybe for some it could be hard to get used to but I INSTANTLY adapted with my bass player hands. And the touchpad...VERY COOL. By default, the pointer action is quite slow. Just go into mouse settings in Control panel > Mouse > Pointer Options (Mouse Properties) and move the slider for pointer speed. I turned it all the way up and it was perfect. Then the option to adjust the touchpad orientation from vertical to horizontal is too cool. I love this thing!!! Well, I DID love it for the ten minutes that it worked. Anyone that uses wireless devices such as remotes, keyboards, stereo gateway and so forth know that SOMETIMES you have to pull the plug (batteries) and reset the device. THAT is what these units need. However, in my particular case the battery was just a bad battery (pretty sure). I have returned mine the day after receiving this unit :,-( and ordered one of the BlueTooth versions. I just hope THAT one works with my Motorola Droid.
I had this keyboard for at least 3 years so I can tell you exactly what to expect from it: First of all, this is the best keyboard around in terms of ergonomics. If that's the only thing you're looking for then stop reading right now and buy this thing; the leather-ish palm rest is great and never looked worn or dirty. The keys are soft and not overly loud. I'm giving it only two stars because of the many flaws I found while it worked: 1. Keys fade quickly. In about 2 or 3 months tops, the imprint on the most frequently used keys will disappear completely. This is normally a non-issue for experienced typists, but since I work with Unix consoles most of the time, remembering where the pipe or the backlash is was infuriating. Not to mention the fact that it should not happen on a "premium" product. 2. Space bar gets stuck. This happened mostly when the keyboard was new. After about a month or so the key loosened a bit and rarely got stuck again, but probably my fingers started remembering where to press on it to avoid that too. Sometimes it still got stiff as if the spring went bad. 3. Two drops of liquid were enough to kill it. Obviously you should not get a keyboard near any liquids, but everybody do it all the time and usually they can handle a bit of moisture. Well, not this one. I took it apart to see why it stopped working and I was surprised to see that the plastic "floor" under the keys is not a single piece, but actually has lots of cracks and holes by design, and they give direct access to the electronics to anything you may throw in there by accident. I'm now using the excellent Fellowes antibacterial ergonomic keyboard, and while it's not as full-featured as the MS Ergo 4000, I can tell already is a better quality product designed to last.
Fine keyboard, exactly what I expected.  I was replacing a similar keyboard where the letters had worn off the keys.  Guess what?  Withing six months an even worse problem (letters wearing off on the keys)with this keyboard!  NOT recommended!!
The keyboard works great and I have no complaints.  Yeah, there is no lights that show whether caps lock or num lock is on, but big deal.  That doesn't bother me. The mouse on the hand worked great for about 3 months with moderate use (probably about an hour or 2 a day).  After that, the receiver stopped working.  I would have to turn the mouse off and then back on to get a signal and after many times it would connect, but only to go back out a few minutes later.  Do yourself a favor and buy an optical wire mouse.  I have been using wireless mice for a few years now and they are nothing, but a pain.  As usual, they work for a few months before either the receiver goes or the batteries.  I expected more from logitech, but I would not recommend getting this mouse.
I tried it on every USB Port and it ddn't do anything. I talked to microsoft and they tried all kinds of things but it still didn't work.
I bought this keyboard 11 months ago to replace a still functional MS Natural Keyboard Elite. I was seduced by the fancy function keys, the zoom bottom, and the cushioned wrist rest. Today, the "m" and "enter" keys stopped working. I can't enter any dot.com web addresses without a functional "m" key! I've since returned to using the Natural Keyboard Elite which is 3 years old, but still working. Obviously, the Natural Ergo keyboard 4000 is not worth repairing and is out of warranty. I think I wasted a lot of money for flashy features.
I have a 3-yr-old model of this same keyboard that needed replacing.  I ordered the exact same model because I liked it.  The new one made an awful thumping/click with the spacebar.  Thinking it was just a defective keyboard, I had Amazon (promptly, I might add) replace it.  The replacement did the same thing. I transcribe and need a quiet keyboard, so this was unacceptable.  It might be fine for someone else.  I went to the local office stores and tried their floor models of the Microsoft 4000, and they all had that thumping sound - only the spacebar. The rest of the keys were quiet.  I loved this keyboard but had to search for a different model that had a quieter touch.  As far as longevity and ergonomics, my old 4000 was great. Even when the letters were worn off the keypads it never made any loud clunking or thumping sounds.  If you are not fussy about this, you will be happy with this keyboard.  If you are new to an ergonomic keyboard but are a typist, you will be used to the layout within a few days.  If you spend long hours on the computer, the ergonomic layout will save your wrists.
The first one I got had an issue with the backspace key. I would have to press very hard to register a backspace. I traded it in for a second one and now I have the same problem with the "b" key. I liked everything else about the keyboard so I thought I was going to trade it in again until just now when I attempted to play a video game and found that it won't register more than 3 simultaneous key presses which makes some games simply impossible to play. It's too bad because it's very comfortable and quiet, but I'm done with this keyboard.
The overall quality of the combo is not bad for the price, but I have some cons I'd like to point out. First of all, the keyboard has no LED indicators. This means you're completely clueless regarding the caps lock and num block indicators unless you install some kind of widget or third party software that tells you. Secondly, the mouse is a bit too small and doesn't allow you to grip it correctly, at least with my (I think) average sized hand. Aside from that, the keyboard feels comfortable and it's correctly sized, and provides some extra keys that some might find useful (multimedia, mail, desktop, window switching and so). The setup was also flawless, I use Windows 7 and I just had to plug the USB and everything worked just fine.
I have a Mac, and I really wanted an ergonomic keyboard (I'm a law student, so most of my time is spent typing frantically), which are super-hard to find for Macs. This one is Mac-compatible and had great reviews, so I was psyched. I got it for Christmas, it's now April, so it's been about four months, and the keyboard is already failing. I don't know if it's the keyboard itself, or because I'm using it with a Mac, but it sporadically stops working. The F-lock light goes off, and I can't use it to type anymore, even after double-checking the USB connection. Rebooting usually solves the problem. Or at least that problem. Even when the keyboard works, most of the special buttons, like the Favorites, no longer work at all. Which is sad, because I thought they were really cool when they worked. Also, maybe it's because I've been using laptops too long, but I really have to pound on the keys, which, for me at least, kind of defeats the purpose of an ergonomic keyboard. So I'm back on the hunt for a new Mac-friendly ergonomic keyboard -- suggestions are welcome!
I am finding this to be a waste of money, this has to be one of the worst products I have brought in a long while. I was attracted by the built in touch pad and found that to have disappointing performance. I wasn't expecting it to be wonderful I admit and I think that I was disappointed to some degree because I generated an expectation for myself that I'd be able to use the touch pad with my thumb, but it doesn't work that way and probably never was intended too either. Therefore, I used a finger and found it difficult even then to position the mouse with accuracy.  As for the key pad, let us start with the fact that the touch pad may get in the way of your right hand typing if you intend to type with you thumbs like you do on your cell phone.  That depends on your style of typing to some degree, it was bad for me but may work for you. Again this is probably not a fault of the device because one look at it and this should have been obvious to me before I brought it. Like many small devices, this is not a full keyboard so for instance if you need F9 - F12 you will be out of luck, but this is the same for many small keyboards. So they were my minor gripes that I could forgive. However consistently failing to register the character I've just typed is becoming very aggravating, on occasions I am pressing the key two or three times before I get what I should be getting. Then I am faced with the problem of the keyboard starting to delete everything I just type for no reason that I can see, it is almost as if the delete key is jammed down. Next up is having a caps lock I can't turn off again through no input of my own that I can tell. The solution for these problems is apparently to change the RF channel that I am using because there may be some interference. Fine did that and away we went for a little while then everything went downhill again for no reason that I can see. Looking back on the blurb for this device I've noticed that they hype the fact that it uses 2.4Ghz connect that is for some reason thought to be less interference prone despite the fact that everyone seems to want to use that frequency these days. On to software, if you can find any software, drivers or whatever to support this device good luck to you because I couldn't and I really did try. Nothing on the manufactures website and nothing that I saw turned up on a web search either. I think at the end of the day I raised my own expectations too high for this device, I fell for the hype and it massively disappointed me.
As with several other people who have shared their thoughts on this product, I must say that I absolutely hate it because of the tiny arrow, page up/down, home, insert, delete, and end keys. Pretty much the entire right section of the keyboard requires me to glance off the screen and look at the keyboard before typing.
I read all the reviews and was a little cautious about all of the negative responses. I opened mine and had nothing but problems from the start; mainly distance issues. All of the negative reviews about the distance is true. I stepped mine off and found that it started malfunctioning at 6 feet away from the BT reciever!! I feel the company should do a recall on these as for they are advertising up to 10 meters aka 30 feet. Well, i would be excited if i could just get 10 feet. For mine to function properly i have to be within 6 feet distance of the receiver. Why have bluetooth at 6 feet? They should have just turned it into a wired keyboard. I am boxing mine right back up and off she goes in the morning. This thing is like 50 + dollars so it should be working a heck of a lot better than what it does. It looks cool but trust me it isnt! Its sad because this company had the right idea but apparently didn't make the unit as nice as they should have.
This is a solid device.  Not heavy, spot in the back for the dongle (and a cover that secures nicely when it isn't there), rechargeable over USB, came with USB cable. However, I put the dongle in a front USB port on my HTPC, and my couch that is no farther than 6 ft. away seems to be too far for this keyboard! There is clear line-of-sight between the keyboard and the dongle.  I have tried holding it all sorts of different ways, and I can't seem to come up with any reason why this device can't go farther.  I've read other reviews saying they get much better range, but certainly not out of mine!  I'm going to try a USB extension to get the dongle within 1 ft. of where I use it.  Ridiculous, but probably what I will have to do  to make this work.
Logitech seems to want to create a device that is small enough as a home-theater PC remote but still big enough as a regular PC keyboard & mouse.  Does cutting it both ways work for Logitech?  This is currently the #1 best-selling keyboard at Amazon, so maybe it does. Most people would likely use Logitech K400 as a HTPC remote to be used on the living-room couch.  A HTPC remote differs from a regular remote in that it is more "PC-centric".  It is made for computer users who want to view their media on their HDTVs and sound systems, while still sticking to their favorite Windows or Mac interface. The K400 is light, weighing only 1.1 lbs, lighter than an iPad, so it should be couch-friendly.  Its wireless range is good, as I have no connection problem within 20 feet away from the PC. The touchpad is fine for basic mouse clicks and navigation.  It has no scroll zones, and it doesn't support a lot of gestures.  You can single-tap for left mouse click, single-tap-and-hold for drag, and double-tap for scroll, and that's it.  There is no gesture for right mouse click or middle mouse click (many laptops can do this).  You cannot drag-lock, and that means when you drag something on the screen, your finger has to be always on the pad.  To adjust the speed of the mouse movement, you can use your operating system's control panel or Logitech's Setpoint utility, which is not included in the package but can be downloaded at Logitech's website. You also cannot two-finger-pinch-zoom on the touchpad like you do on iOS devices, MacBook, or newer PC laptops.  And that brings me to another topic. When you use the K400 on a couch looking at your TV screen, suddenly you realize you are not as close to your TV as you are to your PC, and you need to magnify the screen.  Windows 7 and XP do have a built-in Magnifier utility (look under Accessories, Accessibility).  But you have to run  and control it manually with regular mouse clicks and drags and/or keyboard shortcuts.  Fortunately, Logitech's Setpoint utility lets you launch a program with a hotkey, so at least you can launch the Magnifier utility with a touch of a button.  I hope in future K400 models, Logitech would add a pinch-zoom gesture a la iPhone/iPad that would make magnifying easier. As a HTPC remote, this keyboard surely has far too few built-in media keys.  It only has mute, volume up and down keys at the top.  Obviously, you will have to rely on the hotkeys of your media applications to control playback.  Logitech seems to believe that HTPC users may actually prefer to do that.  In my case, they are right.  I've been using PowerDVD on the PC for a long time and I'm very much used to just pressing F, B, N, P (hotkeys for forward, rewind, next chapter, previous chapter) instead of using dedicated media keys.  There are also many special functions accessible only via hotkeys, such as Blu-ray's red, blue, green, and yellow buttons.  So I'm very comfortable being without dedicated media keys.  For those who are not used to media playback on a PC, this is not a convenience, and, thus, this keyboard is not made for them. Is this keyboard good for gaming on your HDTV?  I have no problems playing Diablo III, adventure games, casual games, or any games that don't require precise mouse control.  Playing first-person shooters that require accurate aiming, however, could be problematic, as K400's touchpad simply isn't as precise as a more sophisticated gaming mouse, such as my Logitech G5.  You can get by with certain first-person games, like Portal 2, which is more forgiving to your aiming accuracy. Is this keyboard good for regular PC work?  It feels more cramped than a laptop keyboard, mainly due to the much smaller Enter, right Shift, Backspace, and Control keys, which are the most used (that's why they are usually made wider).  And the lack of a numeric pad, not even an Fn-extended numeric pad, would further hamper an office user.  Other often-used keys like Home, End, PgUp, and PgDn also need to be Fn-extended (meaning you need to press the green Fn key plus another key).  In short, if you do office work or need to do long periods of typing, pass this over and get a regular keyboard instead. For casual PC work on a couch, such as surfing the web, sending a few emails, shopping online, etc., this keyboard does fine. In short, the Logitech K400 is good as a HTPC keyboard for media playback and casual PC activities.  I have been using it for just such purposes and have decided to keep it despite all the aforementioned shortcomings.  I have tried alternative HTPC input devices and they have not worked out well.  I've used iPhone apps such as the highly-touted "Mobile Mouse Pro" as well as hand-held mini HTPC keyboards, and found that I really needed a near-full-size keyboard that is also small and couch-friendly.  The K400 seems to fit the bill.
The keys are much harder to depress than most of the keyboards out there.  The keys are much stiffer than the generic Microsoft ergonomic Natural Keyboard elite.  The space bar is at a poor angle and takes a conscience effort to depress.
I'm mainly writing this to complain about the shortcomings of this keyboard as this product has received its fair share of positive reviews. My biggest gripe is with the touchpad. The scrolling feels awkward and your fingers have to be aligned in just the right way in order to scroll vertically. This results in me either turning my wrist at a very unnatural angle or mashing the DOWN arrow in frustration. Another failure is the lack of a simulated "middle-click," usually accomplished by tapping with two fingers. This is practically a necessity when web browsing. FORTUNATELY (and I emphasize this because it can help people in my situation), I did some searching and found a nifty little program called autohotkey. Some kind soul with a heart of gold wrote a script that enables better scrolling (by holding down F1 - who uses F1 these days?) and a simulated middle-click through F2 (the only time this becomes an issue is when I need to vote on something in Left 4 Dead). The right-handed Shift key is only half of the typical length. This usually results in me pressing the UP arrow on accident and completely ruins my train of thought. The mouse buttons are finicky, especially the one on the upper-left side of the keyboard. While it's a very convenient addition, I find that I need to keep the button pressed with a lot of force when dragging something or else the mouse will 'let go' of that item. The regular button under the touchpad is a little more solid, but the same thing happens occasionally. I'm just waiting for the day when the button stops functioning because of all the pressure I've had to put on it. Edit: I forgot to mention that the left control key likes to stick. If you can put up with these issues, or you simply don't care about them, then I'd definitely recommend this product. Otherwise, it might be worth shelling out the extra cash for something else.
This keyboard 2000 (B2L-00002) was purchase in October 2010 by December 2010 keys started sticking or no longer worked on this keyboard. Too late to return.
Bought this keyboard in August. Today 5 months later the spacebar stopped working. Under microsoft warranty you must pay for the shipping to send your defective keyboard to them first before they send you a new one. Uhm no thanks. I'm just going to buy a new one at any store switch them and give microsoft their broken keyboard back that way then write a bad review on amazon costing them thousands more in lost business. Way to go backwards company microsoft.
First of all, it does NOT reach 10" as touted. Even after reading others reviews, I still thought i'd try it.  It was the least problematic in terms of wireless keyboard reviews when compared the Iomega, and others, with trackball. I read quite a few reviews regarding how trackballs pick up so much dust, dirt, grime, body oil, etc. Other wireless keyboards were too tiny.  This one is buggy at times. I'm a bit disappointed.  Others reviewers were right regarding the false ad of the distance of 33 meters/10ft.  When initially received and plugged in to my htpc, multiple browser windows opened and did not stop.  I had to cntl/alt/del to log off or get right up to the pc [zatoc mini pc just behind the tv] on several occasions - very frustrating.  Then I ordered a 6' usb extension to get the wireless dongle closer to the couch 8' away, which helped only a little bit. It still opens new browser windows if i turn the keyboard quickly to one side or set it down too quickly.  Otherwise it perform satisfactorily for the most part. I do like the fact that I can choose options via the keys or the touch-pad when surfing. This keyboard fulfills several of my objectives.  My wife and i are just about to 'cut the cord' on Directv [$97 per month]. That may be acceptable to others (I have friends who pay more) but unacceptable to us.  For no extra price, we are able to find increasingly more programming on the internet more suitable for consumption and on our own timetable and at our price [no extra charge on our current ISP).  We watch several tv programs broadcast overseas (and more once I find suitable proxies.  Already have a wireless tv loaded with the netflix app.  More and more content will be broadcast via internet every year, every month.  So, I'm picking up more web content while I will forego being able to record (directv's dvr). I'm OK with that. Anyway, I'm not sure whether I'll keep this keyboard. For now it seems to do the job, kinda.
Love the layout and feels better, however certain keys require a lot of force to press, such as the space bar (right side requires a lot of force). According to others at this review site, this is a consistent problem with this model: [...]
The product arrived very quickly and over all I am somewhat pleased. It's obvious that the product is a bit old (purchased used) and the left shift key is very stiff and sometimes gets stuck which slows down my typing speed. I would have appreciated knowing that some keys get stuck as I would have purchased a different item. I didn't bother to return it as it's too much hassle.
I paird this with my Western Digital WD TV Live - Streaming Media Player - WDBHG70000NBK-HESN. With all the apps, the user of one of the boxes is always entering usernames and passwords, a big pain with a standard TV type remote. Full keyboard for the box is AMAZING. Quick navigation between server folders and files, signing into all the apps on the box, etc. It's perfect. While the WD TV Box remote needs to be pointed directly at the little receiver, the RII Mini can be in the next room and control the box no problem. They include an ingenious USB cable that allows you to charge the remote and use the blootooth USB receiver on one cable, using one USB input. Pretty smart. The keyboard has backlighting (for me, perfect for TV in the dark) and a laser pointer just in case I want to torture the cat. I think Rii read my dreams log and made this for me. And absolute must for the Western Digital WD TV Live - Streaming Media Player - WDBHG70000NBK-HESN. and an unfortunate edit - about a week short of 2 months old: It died. No explanation. Will not charge. Several methods used, it ain't happening. It's dead. A shame since it's so much fun and I believe the future of TV watching (QWERTY Remotes are already showing up on the reverse side of regular new TV remotes). I went into my return options and found that I could have returned it ... up until YESTERDAY! Ouch. It hasn't two months and it's dead. I own another one I bought before this one and it seems to be a slightly different model. That one is working fine. I use the working one way more than I ever used this broken one and now I am torn. Do I buy another... hoping it won't just die ONE DAY outside the return window? Tough one. Gonna have to reduce the stars.
First of all, I am not a traditional typist, I do a lot of "two finger typing". It did slow down my typing speed a bit but not as much as I anticipated. I could see myself getting used to it, The key layout is very comfortable. I like the soft feel of the keys and it's not terribly noisy, like my Dell L100. But one attribute kills the potential beauty of this board, the space bar, which is one of the most used keys. You have to hit space directly in the middle in order for it not to have a sticking feel. If you try to press it from the sides it takes a lot more pressure. You have to hit it hard then it seems to slam down, highly unacceptable and annoying when you are trying to type fast. If it wasn't for the worst space bar design I have ever used, this keyboard would easily get 5 stars. But I must give it 2. I also read that the lettering on the keys wears off after a short time. This I did not experience for it took me a day to realize that it must be returned.
The keyboard functions well and is conviently layed out. I did however think it would be more comfortable. The keybord angle I think should be more slanted upward.Maybe a more expensive model would be.
Out of box impressions: I received this remote about 3 days ago and was mostly impressed right off the bat. As far as packaging and construction go, the Rii wireless remote is a more solid product than I imagined it would be. I had zero problems with the device out of the box, my Windows 7 HTPC instantly recognized the device (I don't even think it installed drivers) and off I went. Functionality: If I was just rating functionality of the remote I could give it a 3/5. I think the device could use a little more shaping to fit your hands, I can see someone with very large hands having issues. The location of the mouse buttons is pretty odd because you will most likely be using your right thumb on the track pad while your left hand is sitting idle on the left side of the remote. What I end up having to do is constantly use my right hand for mouse clicks, so it's not entirely fluid. The laser pointer is idiotic, I'd prefer the manufacturer to leave that functionality to other devices and save the consumer a few bucks. Keyboard feels decent, although I will say that the keys feel like they have multiple-levels and it's kind of odd to hear the space bar make 3-4 clicks for one function (this could just be exclusively my remote) The one MAJOR con I have is the fact that it's an RF device that is easily attenuated by your left hand and seemingly has line-of-sight problems. It's very natural with the curvature of the keyboard to wrap your left hand around the "top" left corner of the remote, which WILL block reception. In two instances I've actually been able to obstruct the RF so bad that the device and receiver won't reconnect until I reinsert the USB receiver. Often if I am blocking the left corner of the remote I will cause keys to be skipped while typing. Rii would have been much better off to place the transceiver and/or antenna directly in the middle of the remote. I am not unhappy with my purchase, nor do I regret it. I do however think with a few minor tweaks that it could be a 5/5 product.
I've used earlier Microsoft ergonomic keyboards previously, and liked them very much.  I wanted to update to a USB model, and so I bought the 4000 model without hesitation.  Unfortunately, as other reviewers discovered, the space bar is difficult to press down.....so much so that it makes typing rather difficult, which is exactly what an ergonomic keyboard is supposed to help alleviate!!  As such, this keyboard is all but unusable, unless you type with only your index fingers.  If I could give it zero stars, I would. Did MS even *test* this product?  It's a disgrace that they would release something that has such a glaring deficiency.....but then, it's Microsoft, so why be surprised.  Too bad because the rest of the keyboard is really pretty good.
One month after purchasing this product, the e button stopped working.  So, I have to say I didn't even get my money's worth. But, then again, it is microsoft....
The keys are not responsive, the mouse sensitivity is awful and the craftsmanship is shoddy at best. The only redeeming quality that I can notice is that it is small, light, and portable.  I think there are other small portable keyboards out there than this one. For the price is was not at all worth it.
I was very excited to use this mini keyboard with my laptop.  Initially it worked wonderfully, but I soon encountered problems with the bluetooth USB dongle.  At first, I would have intermittent problems with my laptop recognizing the USB dongle.  I tried on other computers and found it was the device that was malfunctioning.  Eventually the blue tooth usb stopped working entirely and i could no longer surf the internet from the comforts of my couch.  I am sending this back.  Too bad, because it was great while it lasted.
MS has changed the construction of the keyboard. The space bar does not work when hit on the right side. It is a major PIA. Reading other reviews the same appears to be true of all natural type MS keyboards.
I am fairly happy with this keyboard in terms of the ergonomic functions, but the space key is really sticky. It either adds MANY MANY MANY spaces or none at all without strong pressure.  It seems to be getting somewhat better with use,but is still an issue.
I have really small hands, and after 3 weeks of using this keyboard, my finger joints are in pain whenever I type. I bought this keyboard to potentially avoid an occupational hazard, but it seems this keyboard itself IS the occupational hazard. The size of this keyboard is built more for guys who have larger hands, and I find I have to constantly move my hand around or stretch my fingers to reach all the letter keys. Don't buy this if you have small hands (for comparison, my tiny hands are the same size as my 13 year old sister's).
Nice little keyboard and mouse, especially for kids.  But the dongle that comes with it is the size of a flash drive and logitechs 'setpoint' software doesnt recognize this mouse.  From what logitech support tells me, it wasnt meant to work with it and there are no plans to make it work.  The microsoft standard mouse stuff doesnt let you alter the function of the wheel and wheel click. So if you dont care about any of that, and you dont mind buying an intentionally hobbled product that costs about the same as another combo that has a 2012 feature set like a small dongle for laptops and low profile desktop settings and the ability to redefine buttons, its okay.
Touch typists all know that the first five number keys are hit by the fingers of the left hand, and six through ten are hit by the right. The technician creating this keyboard has 1-6 on the left and 7-10 on the right.  No-one I know has six fingers on their left hand and only four on their right.  Trying to use this without being jolted out of what one is typing to look at the keys is virtually impossible because of that awkward split. This keyboard fails based on that alone.
This mouse and keyboard are not for a desktop computer they are for a laptop. Note: the mouse does not have a forward or back button while surfing. They both will require batteries which were provided. AMAZON change the description to laptop wireless not desktop. It's too small.
Awesome idea bundled into little gadget.. Pros include the fact that once connected, this mini keyboard works just as it claims to.  The only draw back I have with the system is that once in "standby mode" you must be close to computer in order for it to "connect".  Then you can walk away as far as it claims.  This can be a bit tedious.  Besides that, it's great.
The Rii is a convenient little tool.  My girlfriend and I like to watch movies streamed from the internet and this operates effectively as a remote control for us.  It works very well after you get the hang of it (which was pretty quick).  My only complaint is that it doesn't seem to have any type of access to replace the rechargeable battery should it go bad.  But until that day I am extremely happy with my new gadget! Update- Not long after I wrote this review my Rii just stopped working.  I contacted Amazon who told me that it no longer qualified for return.  I then contacted the seller who told me to contact Amazon.  There is no customer assistance or online help for the Rii and as far as I can tell there is no manufacturer information available.  Buyer beware!
After reading other reviews, I was excited to try a Microsoft 4000 keyboard.  Once it arrived, I was very disappointed.  Compare to the ergonomic keyboard that I bought 10 years ago (from Logitech), this is a cheap plastic that keeping making thug noises as I press the space-bar button.  The space bar is also so stiff that my thumbs was sore after typing this review.  I guess I should have stick to my old keyboard, than upgrading to this cheap Chinese made crap....
The space bar is horrible. Very stiff. Everything else works great. But before you buy any "ergonomic" keyboard. GO to a store and test it. If you like it, buy it.... I made the mistake of not testing it. :(
I purchased this item at the end of 2011. Recently I was having issues with the unit and contacted the manufacturers. They asked me some questions and then told me I was sold a counterfeit item. DO NOT purchase this item from the same seller I purchased it from. Be careful!
I just can't get used to the Ergo type keyboard, used to a flat one, never seem to get my fingers on the right keys............I have three other Microsoft keyboards and all are flat and I like them, but this style isn't for me.
It is easy to connect to the computer, but it works only from extremely close distance. Sitting 5 feet away from the computer, the mouse cursor is VERY jittery and unresponsive. I would swipe my finger across the trackpad and it would react after a second or more. It is so bad that I gave up on using it altogether. Keyboard is backlit, but very unevenly. Looks like they have one light in the middle and it barely manages to light up the far away keys. It is good enough to figure out where the key you need to press is, but should have been better. Overall for $40 I don't think it is worth it. I'd rather pay $50 and get the Lenovo N5902 (the one with the backlight) - at least that one works smoothly across the room for sure.
I have used an earlier Microsoft ergonomic keyboard in my office for 10 years or more and love it.  When I needed a new keyboard for home, I quickly purchased this one.  Regretfully, this keyboard is much worst than the old one.  As mentioned in other reviews, the keys are hard to press with the space bar being the worst.  As I type, letters are frequently missing.  While the layout and features of this keyboard are great, the keys are terrible.
I bought this keyboard a couple of weeks ago, and I did not like it from the beginning, but decided to give some time to accommodate to unfamiliar layout. Now I fed up with it. I type this review on it, so I get the reinforcement to my one star rating every space between the words - namely the curved space bar is almost not moving down when you press it not in the center... I hoped that Microsoft knows to manufacture at least hardware. Unfortunately their hardware quality is consistent with their software.
Mine worked great for about a month, then random keys stopped working, and no amount of cleaning or tinkering would bring them back.  Trust me, it's really frustrating trying to type a document without the letter 'c!'  Next time, I'll cough up the extra cash for a more reliable model.
Everything is cool except for the stupid sticky space bar. Yes, you really have to use thumb to push medium/hard! Don't know if i can get used to it...well i returned the old one. The new one i got is a little better...but still space bar sticks. Better if there was two buttons underneath space bar vs. only one. Would be better if space bar was split in two; one for left thumb and one for right thumb!!!!
Pros - excellent small size and no wires results in less clutter on the desk. Cons - Keyboard has been reduced in size so much that the PageUp, PageDown, Home and End keys require also pressing a function key at the same time which is awkward and annoying. Touchpad has almost no configuration options, no sensitivity setting, no scroll zones and verticle scrolling requires dragging two fingers up or down the middle of the touchpad and parallel with the sides.  Since your hand and fingers are not typically positioned in a way that is also exactly parallel to the sides of the touchpad, scrolling can be inconsistent.  Touch and drag almost never works. As a desktop replacement keyboard, this is not the greatest solution, but there are few products that include an integrated touchpad. As a remote control keyboard, perhaps to a laptop connected to a TV, this is an excellent choice. Note: I purchased this direct from Logitech since Amazon had a two month shipping delay.
I tried using this for about 10 minutes today. I think there is some sort of engineering flaw, that made me decide against it. The space bar on this keyboard is an not user friendly, you have to push it with an extreme amount of pressure before it works and the noise is rather loud. You may have luck if you use it enough to loosen it up but I decided against that route and opted for a different model.
A great keyboard remote for HTPCs, but the trackpad is pretty mediocre. Takes many, many swipes to jerkily move the cursor across the screen. Great battery, and the laser pointer is great for driving the dog nuts. I was contacted by Anker customer service and they were quite friendly. They offered me a full refund if I sent it back. When I declined they refunded a small portion of my order as an apology that it hadn't lived up to expectations.
THIS IS NOT THE BLUETOOTH VERSION, despite the description saying Bluetooth. As for the function of the keyboard & mouse, exactly as expected. Touchpad had crisp response and seemed to work well even with my larger hands (I'm 6'-0"). Unfortunately, the communication end was not nearly as good. At first I plugged the dongle into the back of my computer to maintain a clean appearance up front, but I had lots of stuttering in the connection. Then I moved the dongle to one of the front USB ports and this generally yielded a much better connection and the keyboard worked as expected from about 10' away, except it would stop working completely if my dog walked between the device and the computer/dongle. I made sure it was fully charged and still had the same problem. This is unacceptable to me and it has been returned. Fyi, I ordered the Bluetooth version expecting usual BT range of 10m/33', but the range on that one was dismal as well (less than 6', regardless of whether or not a dog was in the way). Ultimately I'd say these Rii/Pro-Mini/VisionTek keyboards are not up to snuff, period. 2 Stars, only because if nothing's in the way it does actually work pretty well from about 10' range.
Loved the little thing why it worked but the mouse part has died after 3 months.  Tried various things to fix.
My Usage: I purchased this for use with my PS3. It seemed like a decent choice since it had wireless and also a touch pad attached which would spare me from having to awkwardly try to use a mouse on my sofa when needed. My primary desktop keyboard's spacebar ended up choking with a deadline approaching the next day so I had to resort to using this mini keyboard as my primary. This is my story. The GOOD: The keyboard just works, instantly, after connecting the USB transmitter. No drivers necessary, no binding processes. You just plug in the USB piece and everything is good to go, batteries'n all. Great looking on screen display for functional buttons like audio and caps lock too. Logitech really knows how to streamline this processes. The BAD: I can't fault the product from a technical side, nothing is really broken... except the layout. And really all i'm talking about is the shortened right shift button that destroys my productivity on this keyboard. If you are a person who uses the right shift instead of the left shift (I really don't know what the general population uses) then you will likely find it very frustrating that whenever you try to hit the right shift you end up hitting the up arrow instead. On just about any full size or laptop keyboard, the right shift button is at least as long as the Enter button above it. On the Logitech, however, the shift is cut in half and shares real estate with the up arrow. I would have much preferred the arrow keys placed under the touch pad buttons than in its current location. I know this may sound like a nit pick since it was not meant to be a full keyboard but if you are a fairly fluid typist this may very well throw a larger wrench in your WPM than you may have expected. Be warned.
Rii Mini Wireless Keyboard with Touchpad (RT-MWK01)  Receiver dongle USB plug and play loops connecting and disconnecting over and over again every second on Windows and Linux, defective. Keyboard unit rattles like battery was not padded in place properly. Maybe it's a small company but website at riitek dot com is a joke, max length on contact us form for email address is 20 characters and tech support address is to some dude named Peter. Also some validation alert shows up in mandarin, I presume, even if all required fields are filled in, bad Q/A, go figure. I sent an email but will be surprised to hear back. Nifty product if you get one that works but I think somebody is off loading defective units on Amazon and will pack up shop before all the RMA's come in.
I was surprised when I received the keyboard to find that the right shift key was moved to the right of the page up key making it very difficult to type uppercase letters. I have had the keyboard for about 3 months now and I'm still not completely used to it.
very easy to set up, comparing to a bluetooth microsoft keyboard I bought which must be re-paired everytime I restart the computer. good concept.  good size, and the touchpad is very good. unfortunately the small right shift key and its promximity to the arrow keys produces way too many errors for touch typists... used for less than one hour.  has to give it up....
So I purchased the rii keyboard in February and it arrived very very late. That didn't matter at first because I was just glad to have received my keyboard... but turns out, they sent me the iPazzport which is a cheaper copy of the rii. The iPazzport does not work well at all. It works once in a while on my pc and sometimes it just stops working and does not work at all on my ps3. So now, I have to send back this crappy keyboard to the seller and I hope that they will actually send me what I bought and that it wont take over a month like the previous time. Hopefully the rii will be better then this... though that shouldn't be too hard to beat.
I think they are sending out the bad (literally the range was 2 feet from the receiver) units on purpose, as most people won't pay to ship them back for a replacement. I had to pay an extra $6 for shipping and wait an additional week and a half to get a replacement. So my plan to get an inexpensive keyboard/mouse solution for my HTPC didn't turn out as expected, but it works. As far as the actual unit goes, it works for the most part. The battery life seems nice, but I've had it less than a week and have been too busy to use it more than once or twice... but it's been in the ON mode the entire time while sitting on my coffee table. I have to re-hit the keys on occasion as well.
I pop in the USB stick and within about 20 seconds the mouse and keyboard register.  After just a short time the keyboard stops communicating with the computer, which get's really frustrating fast.  I mess around with it, turn it off, restart my computer etc... and it seems to work okay.  It happened a couple more times after that but then stopped. The mouse I found out does not like to be on a mouse pad so I removed the pad and the mouse started to work properly. They are both fine now just scared me for a sec.
Nothing happened to it; no spills, no drops, etc.  The keyboard just stopped working in the middle of a document!  The mouse still works, so I know it's not the connection.  (Yes, I changed the battery, etc.)  Nada.  no go.
Let me start by saying that I have never reviewed a product on Amazon, or any web site for that matter, but I just had to for this keyboard, which I bought because it was so highly rated. Unlike others, I absolutely hate this keyboard! The reason for my hatred is because the keyboard falls asleep when it is not used for a few minutes. When you return to the keyboard and try to type, it will sit there dead for 30-60 seconds. Although that doesn't sound like a long time, trust me that it feels like an eternity when you are working on a computer and want to type something. I alerted our IT folks about this problem and they suspected it was a user option that was selected on my PC. Their tinkering, however, did nothing to fix the problem. I have reached my wit's end with this thing and am now back here on Amazon searching for a replacement.
I watch streaming video (Netflix and Hulu) in my bedroom off a computer/TV setup across my room. It really is a slick little unit. I love that it isn't full sized, but still has a keyboard (which is backlit)because it's easier to use in my bedroom just to mouse through my screens. (I have no idea what the laser pointer is good for though). The problem is the unit doesn't hold up very well. I have a 2 year old Logitech full sized wireless keyboard which is still very functional. My 2nd FAVI just went screwy on me. This is the 2nd unit I've bought in the last several months. I can't rate it a '1' because it is pretty neat, but can't rate it a '5' because it doesn't have a very good life span.
As often mentioned, the spacebar on this keyboard is stiff and loud.  I have been using my keyboard for six months now and there has been no change in that.  Additionally, the "h" key does not work properly on my keyboard.  This key is slightly elongated to fit the ergonomic design, but if I don't press down on the far left side of this key, it doesn't work. Were it not for these two flaws, I would be very happy with the keyboard.  It is very comfortable and the price was right.
The Elite's key layout is non-standard: the Ins/Home/Pgup and Del/End/PgDn key grouping is rotated through 90 degrees. This means that you have to re-learn your right hand typing behaviour. To make matters worse the reduced-size cursor keys are not in the usual inverted T, but in a cruciform arrangement, which makes this keyboard pretty useless for people who engage in FPS games like Quake 2/3, Unreal etc. They're really only fit for people with fingers like pencils.<p>On the whole, the Elite keyboard is only for those who suffer from restricted space (such as those who use pull-out keyboard trays), but MUST have a natural layout.
As soon as I pulled this keyboard out of the box, I immediately noticed two things. First, which is more minor: the F-keys (F1-F12) are super small, yet there is a TON of dead space on the keyboard that could have easily accommodated normal sized F-keys or additional media buttons (more on this later). Second: there is little difference between the height and feeling of the "mouse" keys for left and right clicks and the height of the touchpad. I've been using (and frustrated) with the keyboard included with the Logitech Revue Google TV debacle for a year now, and its keyboard had the same problem as this keyboard. Why Logitech doesn't put some kind of tactile feel on the left and right click buttons on keyboards like this is beyond me. For example, most keyboards have small nubs or bevels on the "F" and "J" keys that make it easier to know where your fingers are on the keyboard without looking down. Why not on the left and right click buttons? They are especially needed when the height difference between them and the keyboard and the touchpad are all very similar. I've been trying to use this keyboard for a few weeks, and just like my Revue keyboard that I've had for a year, I am pressing down on the touchpad at times thinking I am on the left-click button. This keyboard also doesn't have media keys other than for volume and mute. Many keyboards, including most others from Logitech, have keys for playing music and video for functions like Previous, Next, Play, Stop, etc. There are none on this keyboard. Even if the keyboard required something like Logitech's SetPoint software installed in order to use keys like this, that would be fine. But the keys simply don't exist, even though there is so much empty space on the keyboard. I'm not digging this product.
My setup is a Zotac ID-80 with Windows 7 and I use Media Center fro my HTPC software. The keyboard does what I want it to, but not after a frustrating learning curve.  First, you have to press harder than you think to make sure no letters are dropped when typing, not a big deal, but took a bit to train myself. Second, I was really frustrated with the range of this device at first.  Finally I found that I get good range if I hold the device so that the back faces the HTPC. So I bought this and Windows 7 Vista XP Media Center MCE PC Remote Control and Infrared Receiver for Home, Premium and Ultimate Edition  at the same time, they don't play well together.  I could only have one of them functioning at a time on my computer, as soon as I plugged the other in the first one went silent and wouldn't work. It's a decent cheap keyboard for the few times you have to use one for an HTPC and my cats love the included laser pointer.  Though I would be interested in trying out the bluetooth version (RII Mini Wireless Bluetooth Keyboard - Compatible with Apple iPad PC and Mac , Built-in Touchpad Mouse, Backlit Display and Laser Pointer )to see if it does better with range.
The keys are shallow and do not provide good feedback. I often find myself fat fingering keys. Due to this I probably use the backspace key more than any other key. Appears to be durable and fairly good quality otherwise.  I've been using it about a year daily for work and it has held up well. I really miss the old clickity-clack keyboards (loud but I probably typed twice as fast on those). I recommend going with another keyboard. One that has better key feedback.
This is a keyboard I was provided at work, since I have problems with my shoulder when using a mouse. I am a very good typist and I rarely look at the keyboard. Today is my first day using this keyboard, and I am making all kinds of errors. The right shift key is located further to the right than a standard shift key. Instead of hitting the right shift key, I am hitting the up arrow, and so everything I type is all screwed up. (You have to stretch with your pinky to reach the right shift key.) In addition, the right shift key is the same size as a standard alphabetic or numeric key (not wide like the shift key normally is). The backspace key is narrower than normal, and there is no numeric keypad. If I ever get used to this keyboard, I will have to learn to switch between a standard keyboard at home and this one at work.
I've had it for a year now and I'm very impressed What's good about it:  + The battery life is great, the devices don't drain the batteries even when left on.  + The batteries are standard!  Nothing funny here, you don't even need high performance batteries.  + Responsive, fast response time.  Feels like a wired device.  + Light and compact  + Mouse is independent, I use it without the keyboard all the time when I'm out.  + The tiny USB connector attaches to the mouse for easy transportation.  + Good range.  I use it across the living room with no problem.  + Plug and play, cross platform compatible.  I just plug it into a mac or PC and it works right away.  + It's made it a year without breaking, and I'm not super careful with it.  + It was(and still is) a great price. What's bad about it (minor points):  - It's hard to pick up the keyboard without hitting one of those goofy programmable side keys  - I don't like those extra programmable keys.  I think they just waste time trying to get set up, and then they're not portable if you do get them set up right (portable across platforms, computers, or upgrades of a single platform).  - Worst feature:  The keyboard is slightly non-standard.  The delete / insert / etc cluster is not laid out in the 2x3 format.  I'm sure it helps create switching costs to keep customers loyal by making it harder for them to use other keyboards, but guess what?  This isn't the only keyboard that I'm ever going to use, so it's just a nuisance. Despite a few annoyances, it's a great product. ----------------------------------------------------------------------- EDIT: 7/2012 The shift and spacebar keys have developed too much resistance, and it's worsening my already sore tendons. Still, the keyboard is reliable, cheap, and has great range.
The design itself is just what I needed for my HTPC.  Layout is good but it is a little awkward reaching over the touch pad on the right to type.  The touch pad works but is not sensitive enough to use your thumb making operation somewhat awkward.  Now for the bad.  The device works immediately after being plugged in and from long distances (15+ feet), but after five minutes of use it will lose connection.  I have tried different channels and computers withe the same results.  It can only be reset by removing and reinserting the usb reviver.  Therefore it is completely useless and has been returned.
I've been using Microsoft ergonomic keyboards for over a decade, and this is the first one I've had to return.  The spacebar is difficult to press, and once you do press it it tends to autorepeat uncontrollably.  Checking other reviews (which I should have done first) reveals that this was not a defective unit, its a defective product.  Time to go back to an older model I guess.
I was about to plug it in and go but the directions said install the software and then the keyboard. I did and then spent the next 5 hours trying to diagnose why my computer crashed and then would only reboot correctly intermittently.  Turns out that there is something going on with the conflicts (port?) and all I know is that after numerous tries of restarting in safe mode I was able to roll back the computer to before the install. Put the keyboard on my laptop without installing the software and it was fine. Both desktop and laptop are running XP SP3.  Little scared to try it on my desktop again. Worked fine and was comfortable when I could use it. On the other hand, it is big and doesn't fit well on my normal size keyboard drawer.
If you work at it long enough it works, but the buttons are shoddy, takes a few tries sometimes to register.  The touch pad is the same way.  Would not recommend, in fact I am currently shopping for a replacement.
This keyboard was a replacement for the same style keyboard which had the letter "b" go out. Well the letter "b" just went out on this one, too. So I think there is some kind of manufacturing defect, or I am having incredibly bad luck and on the same key.
I've always liked ergonomic keyboards, and when I first saw the Microsoft Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000 a couple of years ago, I immediately ordered one for myself. I have to date ordered 4 of them. Of the 4 keyboards: * The first one, bought for my home computer, lasted 2 years and 8 months. It didn't show any faults until it suddenly died this last friday. * The second (bought for a family member) one's key markings wore off on approx. half the keys during the first year, making it very difficult to tell which is which. * The third one (bought perhaps 6 months ago for my office) has an entire area of the keyboard (letters y,u,h,j,k,n,m) that is only very faintly responsive, so that you have to bang those keys hard to get the letters to type. * The fourth and assuredly final one, bought as a replacement for the first, had the spacebar key fall off as soon as I took it out of the box. The metallic pin which gives the key its "springiness" was assembled the wrong way. After rectifying this and plugging the keyboard in, I found that both shift keys, the return and enter keys, several of the F keys and the media keys (I stopped testing at this point), did not work at all. I tested the keyboard on several computers and stripped the keys off and replaced them with those of the first keyboard, just in case there was another problem with the keys. There wasn't. My first keyboard of this model served me well, and if you were to get one like it, I would recommend this product. Unfortunately, the product's quality seems to be getting progressively worse with time, and I'm upset enough with the experience that I wrote this review to warn you away from it. I can't describe the feeling of replacing one malfunctioning keyboard with another of the same type, only to discover that the replacement is malfunctioning as well, just out of the box. I used to say that Microsoft's hardware division did much better work than their software division. I take it back.
I have used this keyboard enough to wear/short out a couple; useful and well-thought-out design.  But my newest replacement has a mushy feel to the keys--no life in them.  Disappointing.
Keyboards arrived in timely manner, one had a small defect(button for laser pointer had dropped out, but rest worked OK. Too much trouble to chase a new one, just testing them.  Will buy bulk lots of product
As stated in other 1 star ratings before, various keys have stopped working on my microsoft keyboard and it's well under a year since I brought it. The keys that stopped working are - the letters n, m, b, the number zero on the number pad, the comma and semicolon, cap locks, and all arrow keys. This is very frustrating because I didn't know what was going on at first since I've never had a problem with a keyboard. Not able to purchase a new one right away, I struggled with composing even a simple reply to an email. I resorted to opening up previously written documents with these letters, etc. in them and copy pasting them into whatever I was working on. As you can imagine, this gets tired REAL quick. Bottom line, there's obviously some kind of weird defect in this keyboard. Save your money and STAY AWAY.
The keyboard was easy to install, but once installed you notice a huge transition from traditional keyboards!  Some of the keys have a little too much spring in the keys...meaning that they keys can be difficult to push down.  The spacebar is not easy to push down w/ your thumbs.  It makes typing cumbersome at times.  Not sure if it is really helping me too much.  I'd stick with a traditional keyboard that is a lot easier to push down on the buttons.
This is taking a week to arrive even though I ordered through Prime.  Amazon should not let vendors list products as if they are prime eligible if they are in fact not.
So  i purchased this product it works great with the keys and everything it just the touchpad it randomly wouldnt respond it was extremely irritating and i would recommend you look around for different wireless keyboards
The mini wireless keyboard didn't work as I expected. I was only 8 to 10 ft away from the computer and the response was spotty. I did return it and got my money back. The seller was good in responding to my emails on how to return the item. I was pleased with that service.
The keyboard functions perfectly.  My only comment would be that the entire Keyboard is warped lightly and refuses to sit level on the desk. It wasn't worth hassling with a return so I simply modified it with a bit of duct tape on the bottom front right pad.
Item was missing numerous screws when I received it.  It didn't work at all, and I could here something moving when I tilted it.  I removed the back cover screws and found the piece that was moving, and also found a wire had snapped from the soldering point.  Terrible to send out a unit in such condition.  The piece is supposed to fit between 2 plastic dividers so that it doesn't move, and it was clearly not where it was supposed to be sitting.  I had to give this a 1 star.
I'm a technical editor and spend many hours at my computer. So, the keyboard is important. I really like the feel, arrangement, and features of this keyboard. So much so that I just installed my third 4000. And, therein lies the problem. My first 4000 had to be replaced after about 6 months because the "X" key stopped working. The second started sending random keystrokes to the computer after about a month. (It is interesting to watch your e-mail client decided it needs to create an infinite number of new messages.) I just installed my third 4000. If it doesn't prove more reliable, I'll look elsewhere for ergonomic keyboards. I give this keyboard five stars for features and comfort and one star for reliability.
Seems like a great option, but the USB adapter/transmitter lacks the strength to function properly much further than 6 feet.  Within that range, like the device.
Parece que as teclas de espao tem um defeito de ocnstruo, pois enroscam sob a presso dos dedes. Outro grave defeito &eacute; o boto de ENTER logo ao lado das letras ser de tamanho reduzido. No mais o teclado &eacute; macio e funcionar bem. Recomendo um test drive antes de adquirir o produto, porque talvez o problema das teclas de espao sejm um problema apenas do exemplar que adquiri. Como a aquisio foi pela home page no pudemos test&aacute;-lo antes.
I loved the feel of this keyboard, but ultimately returned it.  After 20+ years of typing by touch I could not get used to the number 6 being on the left side of the board.  I can't believe they changed this.
I type a lot (5-10 hours a day) and have been using the curved Micorosoft Natural keyboards since they first arrived.  Need to say that they are gradually degraiting (both how they are built and ergonomics). I bought this one, used it for a while and swapped back for the Natural Keyboard Pro (not available anymore on Amazon, but you can see the image here: www.amazon.com/Microsoft-B61-00002-Natural-Keyboard-Pro/dp/B00002JXFH.  Not ideal as well (flimsy and squeeky keys), but way better. I would also recommend the Microsoft Natural Keyboard Elite Microsoft Natural Keyboard Elite or Microsoft Wired Natural Keyboard Elite Win PS2/USB English North America Black.  In fact I think I like the ergonomics of it more and use in some cases at work. What is good: Functionality.  Looks good. What I didn't like: Too flat.  The curve could be more pronounced. Keys are flimsy and some don't register when hit; diffeent strength is neet to strike them and when you strike at an angle, like Q, A, Z, it skips them basically making proofreading with a lot of corrections a must and this was the last straw that broke the camel's back (I don't know who is the camel in this case: me or the keyboard). Other thoughts: I still don't undersstand why Micorsoft started putting a lifting bar to elevate the row QWERTY as oppoesed the row ZXCVB in the early models - this strains the wrists even more!
The product is good in terms of quality. But it has a very important and a basic defect. There is no LED or any sort of indicator to know whether the caps lock or num lock or scroll lock is ON or OFF. I literally have to type in a letter to find that out and erase it letter. I would certainly not recommend it if you are planning to do a lot of typing work with this. It is a just good once in a while use but not everyday use.
I am using this keyboard as a remote/keyboard for my HTPC.  For that purpose, it does a decent job.  There is nothing about this keyboard that excels and no aspect of it falls flat either.  Here are my thoughts after using it for about 1 month. The connectivity is okay.  If you stay within 6-7 feet using the mini adapter, you'll be fine.  Stray any further than that and you'll want to use the attached extender which boosts the range.  But then who wants to have a long stick sticking out of the front of their HTPC?  You could stick the extension and all in the back of the HTPC, but you lose range by doing that too so why bother? The key layout uses smaller keys than usual and takes a while to get used to.  But the keys just don't have a nice response and feel very flimsy.  The left click button on the top left of the keyboard is a nice touch and works well.  But it begs the question, if they had bothered to think of adding an additional left click button, why didn't they go ahead and add buttons for "play,"  "pause," "stop," etc....  You could program them in as a function key, but then you're left with the hassle of pushing two keys simultaneously for each of those functions. The build quality, although it doesn't feel like it will break straight away, it doesn't exactly inspire much confidence either.  Every plastic bit just feels cheaply made. The touchpad has a decent size and responds well, but it barely qualifies as multi touch.  Don't fall for the misleading advertising.  The only multi touch this keyboard does is vertical scroll. Nothing else. No forward or back. No horizontal scroll, at least not in any of Microsoft's products.  Horizontal scroll does work in Google Chrome which suggests Logitech has been lazy and didn't bother with writing better drivers/software for this keyboard, which leads me to their tech support. Tech support is horrible.  Using their email support, I reached out to Logitech about the lack of horizontal scroll in Microsoft products.  It took them three responses (taking at least 2 weeks to respond each time) before they could understand the issue and told me that this keyboard doesn't support horizontal scroll.  When I wrote back again for the 4th time reiterating that the horizontal scroll works in Google Chrome and suggested that this was a software issue on their end and something they could easily enable to help boost the functionality of their product, they sent back a response (again taking over two weeks) that my issue was resolved and closed.  Nothing else was said.  Way to shut the door on a customer who is actually giving you constructive feedback and helping you improve your product. All in all, it's an okay product.  Nothing to get excited about.  Think of this as a basic wireless keyboard with a trackpad built in.  Expect anything more and you will be disappointed.  And good luck to you if you ever need to seek out tech support.
Pros Works out of the box Price was decent Feels Decently solid Cons Small size makes it a bit awkward to use 25% larger would have been nice The mouse pad is way to small and it's location on the device often gets in the way Overall, works for now.  But I'll keep my eye out for something better
I used this device for just a few minutes.  The mouse started to jump around all over the place.  I tried to type an email and it kept placing the pointer in random places and the curser in different places in the text.  I tried plugging it into a front USB and moved closer, to see if it was a range problem.  No change.  Putting it back in the box even as we speak, and no I didn't use it to write this review.  Terrible product.
I've used this keyboard for about a month and a half. The construction seems solid and it all seems well thought out. My biggest issue with the keyboard is that the spacing of the keys is too far apart. Hitting CTRL C is a strain on the left hand. My hands are average to large so I think this keyboard would be very difficult for a user with small hands. Also, the space key is extremely loud; can't think of any reason it should be so loud. I disliked it enough that I bought a new keyboard and sold this one.
This is my third ergonomic keyboard and it's going back as soon as possible.  The energy required to depress the keys (esp. the space bar) is considerable enough that it defeats anything gained by the improved wrist position, which any ergonomic (split) keyboard will give.  In other words, it might help wrists, but still strains fingers, hands and elbows.  My guess is that people rating it highly are mostly comparing it to straight keyboards.  I'm buying another Fellowes ergonomic keyboard, which I loved until I spilled liquid in it (d'oh!).  Those keys are incredibly easy to press and the back of the keyboard rises slightly so you don't have to reach as far for the top rows.  I could type on that one all day.  An hour or two with this Microsoft one and my hands are sore, my tennis elbow is flaring up and I'm not happy.
When I first got this keyboard and mouse set, I was very happy to get it.  After a few weeks after using it, the mouse starts dropping in and out cause of the optical LED light just like if a mouse was plugged into the USB port using a cord and the cord goes bad, that is what this mouse is doing dropping in and out in and out.  I don't know if it's the driver or the mouse by itself.  I wish that they could included a V220 mouse instead of this poor performing device.  The keyboard works great, no problems what so ever.  Mouse needs invisible LED technology not visible red LED like the old school types that take cords and plugs in.  Red LED's drains the battery out.
First of all, I have to say that this is one of the classiest and feature rich keyboards ever made. It comes with a leather wristpad, a zoom lever, buttons to adjust volume, and it looks damn good in black. My dissapointments are as follows: 1. My Dell precision M70 will not boot up with the keyboard plugged in. I have to unplug it, let Windows load, and then plug it back in. 2. The very first time I launch Firefox, the Zoom function will go crazy and totally zoom out on my screen. I then have to "unzoom" it back to normal. 3. The keys are not as "soft" as my previous Microsoft Natural Elite for CTX. I have some carpal tunnel in my hands, and while the pain from using this keyboard is noticeable, it is not unbearable. Conclusion: I am going to keep this as my home keyboard, for casual use. I would not recommend it for work because of all the hassles involved. EDIT: This keyboard, particularly it's Intellitype software is a nightmare. The "u" key randomly doesn't work. The other keys seem pretty flimsy too. The Intellitype 5.5 software causes my laptop to zoom out and in when various applications are launched, even Microsoft Word. The only good thing about this experience is that Microsoft has such great customer service, and will allow me a refund--this does not include shipping costs, so ship using the cheapest methods!
A tiny beverage spill should not destroy a keyboard and especially if it's left to dry for a while. These keyboards are destroyed the moment a few drops of liquid gets in-between the keys. I've gone through three of these and all liquid related. I tried to deal with it because I hate changing keyboard layouts and I use the same at work. I guess I'm going to replace my work keyboard at the same time and just be done with this company and their fragile products.
I just got the keyboard this morning to replace my aging 10 years old MS Natural Keyboard. At the glace everything seem perfect for me. The lay out of the keys seem to fit my typing and I like the features that come with the keyboard. However after only few minutes I notice that the space bar is kind of stiff. Determine not to give up so easy, I continue using it for another couple hours (hoping that the space bar key may get softer or I may just get use to it). However after about 2 hours later I gave up. The spacebar is really too stiff!!. I started to feel the pain on my wrist/thumb. So despite all other stuff that I like about this keyboard, this one will definitely going back to the store tomorrow morning. I'm not sure this is just the defective one but given that several people report the same thing I will rather take my chance on different model/brand at this point.
The Microsoft Natural 4000 excels at being a good standard use keyboard for ergonomics, but under the hood, it fails.  While I am impressed that Microsoft has realized that it was going in the wrong direction from the Microsoft Natural to the Natural Elite, there are other short comings that this and previous keyboards have had, and even more so, most of their periphial line.  If you plan on doing standard typing, development, office work, etc, this is a great keyboard.  However, just as the previous versions of the Natural, if you plan on using many keys simultaneously, this is not your keyboard.   The Natural 4000 shines in that it is very comfortable as the wrist rest area has built in pads with a soft leatherette feel, the keys are quiet, and we see a return to the front riser which alleviates wrist strain due to it assisting in keeping your wrists straight.  This is important because if a keyboard is going to be truely ergonomic, it needs to focus on what it means to be ergonomic...give a split key design to reduce the outward flair of the wrists and also add a slight angle to accomodate the angle of which the hands must bend to come to the surface of the keyboard.  The Natural 4000, much like its first generation model meets this challenge, which is important if one studies the Natural Elite model which began the decline of following ergonomic design by removing the front reiser and most of the curvature that made this series of keyboards become as popular as it did.  The Natural also gets high marks in that the keys are quiet, they are arranged in the correct standard of 104 or so key layout, so if you are a developer, you know exactly where the keys are going to be (as far as special symbols, namely the "|" key, the arrow keys, and the "Insert", "Delete", etc) are in their correct locations.  This means that any typist can switch to this model and adapt quickly.  So many of the interesting models of ergonomic keyboards re-arrange the "Insert", "Delete", "End", etc keys that it makes the keyboard awkward.  Another common mistake is the keyboard vendors make the arrow keys awkward by moving the left and right arrow keys upward so that they are not aligned with the down arrow key as seen on the common standard.  While this is not a big deal to most people, it is if you plan on using this keyboard for playing games.  This keyboard comes with many media keys that allow you to do such things as start your music player, adjust your volume, start many popular programs including your web browser, etc.   Stylistically speaking, the keyboard looks very sleek wth its black and gray design, and with curvature that both adds comfort and is asthetically appealing.  With the leatherette in the front, the soft glowing leds, and the extra meta keys, it reminds someone as if he or she has upgraded his or her keyboard to a sports car.  Microsoft gets high marks on the appearance of the device as it does look nice, and the black and gray goes well with the black and silver trends of most periphials and computers.  So, all in all if all this device is going to be used for is the office and development, one may ask what can go wrong.  The answer is, not much.   However, this is a Microsoft periphial.  Traditionally, the keyboard lines have been okay in the realm of workmanship, however in the mice line, the units simply do not last.  Typically the mice stop responding to events, and simply wear out, which is sad seeing as opticals would seemingly last longer noting the reduction of moving parts.  Unfortunately, this has now crept into the keyboard line as well.  A good example, the Microsoft 2000 keyboard line have been noted for their cheap crafting which results in overall failure for the devices, and people simply discard them.  This has happened in under two years of use.  I'm seeing similar issues in the 4000.  At times, the K key sends an L keystroke as well.  Strange, but okay, just one key.  Then the function keys failed to work.  However there is an F lock key that should be checked, and is normal, but this simply isn't the case as the keys simply do not work.  While many people could argue that they do not use the function keys, in an office environment one most certainly does (how many times do you hit F3 to "look for the search result again" after searching for text in a text editor?  how many times do you use F5 for a refresh of a web browser?).  The biggest issue I have is the number of keys one can press at a time before the keyboard simply can't handle any more input.  This is extremely bad if you are a gamer.  First person shooters, one may be able to pull it off, but even the simplest games such as Continuum, or even old titles such as Interstate 76 where multiple keys will be pressed as you are holding one key down for movement, and another one for an action, it is probably headed for failure.  This may be a result of how the Microsoft keyboards handle the control key in their line.  This has been a problem for the Microsoft Natural, Microsoft Natural Elite, and the Microsoft Natural 4000 keyboards, so it is historical.  So if you are even considering a game, I would recommend keeping a cheap usb keyboard in your drawer and using it for gaming.   The only final notes I can add for the Natural is noting the additional media keys, your mileage of going through a KVM to control multiple computers will vary.  Many KVM vendors will tell you that if you can not control your computer past POST and before boot, it is because the keyboard has too many keys and it is affecting the KVM.  However, I have noted that if keyboards have USB hubs on them, this tends to confuse KVMs in what information is being sent to the computer, so if you are using a KVM, do not plan on using any keyboard with a USB hub as most BIOS's can not handle them for the additional information that is sent that the protocol in the KVM doesn't support.  Also, the Natural 4000 works well with Linux (but again, not well from the Gaming perspective) as there are a few methods that can be used to allow use of the additional media keys.  This is a big plus again for people who want to do development as you can assign various useful events thus removing the need to grab the mouse. All in all, the 4000 is a decent keyboard, but it is not the be-all end-all solution due to Microsoft not addressing the issues under the hood.  Some may say this coincides with the Microsoft philosophy, but that is for the user to decide.
It is a very nice keyboard but some of the keys dont work right. The company was great as far as giving me another one but this one has problems too. I don't want to be a bother so I haven't said anything about the replacement being messed up too.
So I ordered the device for my HTPC and while feeling like it was made a little cheaply it did do exactly what it should. It was replacing one of those laptop sized keyboard/touch pad combination devices for controlling XBMC. In this regard it works well, but it is somewhat hard to get about using the touch pad. The problem that crops up is that after having it for a couple of weeks. It started losing sync and I had to unplug and plug back in the receiver. Now, the thing won't work at all. I tried charging it, turning it off and on, rebooting the PC, swapping ports on the receiver, and a combination in every way I could think of. Alas, now it's a waste of plastic.
This is not a universal Blue tooth there is no classic pairing, you have to a spacific device that is compatable with it
This is a real bute the Microsoft tag in the corner of the box says "Designed for Microsoft Windows NT & Microsoft Windows 98" the keyboard has a PS/2 plug on the end and comes with a PS/2 to USB adapter cord.  I could have just bought the adapter... Must have been sitting around since 1999
I've had this keyboard for just short of 2 years and now it has just stopped working (as a few reviews here have noted). I have to say that once you get used to the layout, this keyboard is very comfortable to use. Just wished it lasted a little longer though, but for the $19 I paid, I think it was worth it. I'll probably order another one, or maybe upgrade to one of Microsoft's other keyboards with this type of layout.
It looked good to me, so when one of the women i live with asked me what I wanted for Christmas, I emailed her the link. On Christmas morning, I unwrapped the gift. Yay! I squinted at the microscopic font in the instruction manual. Really, it was hard to believe that Rii expected anyone to read that. With the help of a bright light and a little guesswork, i was able to deduce the meaning. I plugged in the device and let it charge for a half hour or so, then unplugged it and tried it in operation. The keyboard worked and I typed a word or two with it. The touchpad worked but the pointer moved jerkily. i thought maybe it needed more charge to work well. I plugged it in again and let it charge for another hour or two. When i tried it again, the pointer wouldn't move at all. I checked the troubleshooting guide, which advised me to clean off the touch pad. But the touch pad was perfectly clean. i hadn't had time or opportunity to christen it with peanut butter and jelly. I unplugged everything and set it aside. We went to a friend's house for Christmas dinner. On returning home, I tried it again. The pointer still won't move. That's it. I'm sending it back. She says she thinks she can get a refund. We will see. Whatever its virtues may be, one of its faults is that it doesn't work.
Got this in April...it died last week. I was typing along and it just quit. It was keyboard # 2...#1 came with mashed in keys. I'm now on # 3...lets hope this one lasts more than 2 mnths.
My wrists have been hurting from using my flat aluminum apple keyboard and back in the day I used to use the older microsoft natural elite keyboard and thought that i could give my wrists some love and get an ergonomic keyboard.  I'm a week into using it... here's the overview: Loud as hell - clackey noise from this keyboard must be driving my office neighbors crazy.  Nobody else's keyboard is this loud. Spacebar sticks where you can't press it or it stays down. They keys are hard to press so my typing has slowed down quite a bit.  I thought that i would miss keys because it has been years since my last microsoft natural keyboard, but i have a surprisingly low error rate - the shape is about the same as my old one I would guess.  It's just a lot harder to type on this thing... so even though my hands are in a more natural position (wrist straight) my wrists hurt after typing because it's so hard to press the keys. I'm very likely to return this unless there's an easy way to get a replacement that doesn't have these issues.
Product: Logitech Wireless Desktop MK320 with Keyboard and Mouse Rating: 3.5/5 Overall this is a very nice, and reasonably priced, keyboard.  However, it does have some flaws that certain users should be aware of, when shopping for keyboards. LIKES: * TACTILE: I really like the tactile resistance of these keys when typing.  Nothing irks me more than a loose-buttoned keyboard where the buttons shake and click, and this keyboard is the diametrical opposite of that - a nice firm keystrike, with good push-back.  Fairly quiet too. * SETUP:  Setup was a snap - just install the USB receiver, pull out the battery contact tabs, and you're good to go. * TILT:  The tilt feet are nice, but (and this is a very minor nit) I like a steeper tilt than most, and I wish more keyboards had feet that were adjustable, rather than one size fits all. * MOUSE:  A very decent, if unspectacular, optical mouse, with good feel, range and battery life. * RANGE:  I haven't checked it's range limit, but it seems good, which would also seem to make it a good choice for use with game consoles like a Sony PS3. DISLIKES: * EASILY WORN PAINTED LETTERS {minus 1/2 star}:  Heavy typers take note - my wife and I have only been using this keyboard for a few short weeks, and some of the painted letters are already wearing off, which is very annoying.  Next time, I'm definitely going to look for much longer-lasting engraved or backlit letters. * HOME/END/PG {minus 1/2 star}:  Call me a purest, but I strongly prefer the classic 6-button block (Ins/Del, Home/End, PgUp/PgDn) 3x2 (col x row), rather than the squished and rotated 5 button block they used instead.  I think it was an ill-conceived choice that will polarize a fair number of users. Bottom line: A very good wireless keyboard and mouse combo for the price range, but heavy typers may want to look for something a bit more wear-resistant, and with a more classical layout.  I'll probably be replacing this keyboard soon, and demoting it for use with my Sony PS3 game console (for which it'd be better suited).  Recommended, but with caveats.
I was disappointed in this keyboard for 3 reasons. First, I thought the mechanical feedback for the key press was poor. Some keys, particularly the space bar, required significantly more "push" than the others. Also, the space bar was particularly noisy when fully depressed.
When this thing works... Its great. The Cons: 1) I sit about 10 feet away from the receiver and i have to point the transmitter end at the receiver for it to work which is positioned where your hand would normally sit. 2) This thing randomly stops working and wont respond unless you unplug the receiver and plug it back in and it will work again for a little while.
I had this keyboard for two years. I'm a transcriptionist and wear out keyboards quickly. The first one was great so I ordered its replacement with the same keyboard. The second one went out after two months. The CTRL key locked up and it's useless. Nothing was spilled on it and it was not dropped or anything. So there are mixed reviews on this keyboard. I will order another keyboard but it won't be the same one, obviously. I don't like switching keyboards for the sake of consistency so it's a shame.
The keys stopped working -- I thought I was going nuts.  Turns out its a regular problem with this item.  Don't bother.
Overall I am satisfied with my purchase of the newest Microsoft Natural keyboard. The responsiveness of the keys seems to be the thing I like the most about this keyboard. Most of the short cut keys even function with my locked down computer at work. My only complaint is that the rubber pads that keep the keyboard from sliding around on your desk keep coming off and when they don't come off they leave black marks on my desktop. This is annoying to have sticky goo on the bottom of your keyboard and to have one corner sliding around and if that is not happening I am cleaning off my desk with a cleaner to get the black scuff marks off. I will probably end up removing and adding my own rubber pads to the bottom to this keyboard, because I love everything else about it.
Keyboard works great, nice feel. Software did not work on my system (XP Pro). Caused keys to not type, therefore passwords were not recoginzed. Was just about to send it back when I thought of uninstalling the software that came with the keyboard and that did the trick....so if you have or plan to buy this keyboard....beware of the software included!!
This keyboard is quiet and indeed comfortable. I would give it five stars, were it not for the fact that the "x" key stopped working shortly after I started using the keyboard. I was going to return it, but eventually that key started working again and didn't give me any problems for around six months. Then it stopped working again. I also have occasional problems with the "c" key. Check out (and Google) reviews of this keyboard, and you'll find others that also have cited problems with keys not working.
I can't type the key that doesn't work, because it doesn't work!!!!!! (hint), the one located between the Z and the C. Ironically, it worked fine for the first month, but now that I can't return it, it no longer functions. I have never had a problem with items purchased from Amazon, but this is definitely no good. I do have to say that all other concepts of the keyboard are great, but this defect erases all of the good points. I have several microsoft devices for 3 different pc's, all of them are fine, but totally dissatisfied with this one!!!!
This is my first ergonomic keyboard, and although it feels kinda strange, I know it will worth in the long run, but the space key is the worst I've ever seen. Besides being huge, its hard and it stucks when you hit on the sides.
As a programmer, I spend 9 hours each day typing at a computer. Although the ergonomic style of this keyboard is nice and alleviates wrist pain by keeping hands aligned with forearms, the keys stick terribly on this keyboard and there are often several extra characters entered that I must go back and delete, slowing down productivity.
I had my first MS Comfort Keyboard for a loooong while, and just recently replaced it when my first finally stopped functioning correctly.  I have no complaints whatsoever about the original one I had... but the replacement that I ordered was fine for only two weeks and then just stopped working altogether.  :(  For the price, it's an awesome keyboard as far as the great design and comfort.  It's sooo easy to get spoiled on the convenient layout of the keys... but I'm disappointed that this last one I ordered died so quickly.  It wasn't dropped, or abused in any way.  Just stopped working altogether.  Not even the lights would come on when it was connected to the USB port.  As much as I love the keyboard itself, $18.99 shouldn't mean disposable.
I used this keyboard for over a year, but have never really adjusted to it despite having used similar ergonomic keyboards for many years. The keys felt a bit mushy and I often would get multiple capitals when using the shift key. I also wore the letters off several of the keytops, which I am prone to do if they aren't molded into the key. I retired this keyboard and am now typing on a Microsoft Comfort Curve Keyboard 2000. While not quite as comfortable as the 4000 (the palm rest on the 4000 is very nice), I am typing better on the 2000. The main downside to the 2000 is it is very light and tends to scoot around easily.
I, too, find Microsoft's re-arrangment of the Ins/Del set of keys as well as the arrow keys unfathomable.  Hmm, maybe the geniuses at Sony designed this one. :)  In any case, this is a comfortable keyboard, and affordable, and I would continue using mine despite the stupid key placements.  The multimedia version if a little better, at least with the inverted T keys.  BTW the pro version is discontinued.
Features are great, however it has some issue where if you press the space bar on the top right corner, then it produces friction with the body of the keyboard. The friction thus causes the space bar to not go down at once or it causes the user to have to apply more (un-ergonomic) pressure.
I bought this and thought it was compatible with mac. Yes the key board works and the track pad but the track pad is super slow. Then to my surprise there are no drivers!!!!!!  what a joke so I have to use my mouse again or laptop keyboard? The whole point was making an egronomic workspace which is defeated if I have to move my arm to a different level to use the mouse or track pad. Also there are no little legs so if I do use it on a flat surface, it stays FLAT. It is super light and does not feel like a quality piece of accessory. I might feel differently had there been a mac driver.  Looking at the box it shows only windows logos but I bought it online and it did not specify PC only.
I've been using a Dinovo Mini for 3 years on a daily basis for my HTPC. Recently the P key has stopped working well, so I looked for a replacement. My main and only gripe with the Dinovo was missing F1-F12 keys, and having to Fn+click for right-mouse click. This thing seemed like the perfect solution, as it fixes both those issues, and is even smaller. HOWEVER, this thing fails for two main reasons: 1. Reception is maximum 2 meters with direct line of sight to the tiny USB receiver. And even at this distance, it's mostly hit-and-miss. For a HTPC, this is just simply unusable. It's frustrating beyond belief. I'd rather use a full-size tethered keyboard than this laggy piece of s4!t. 2. No dedicated media buttons. The Dinovo really excelled at having dedicated WMC controls for pause, record, skip, rewind, etc. This has none of that. And combine this with the laggy scrolling as above, makes me want to break it in two just after 10 minutes of use. Needless to say I'm back to my Dinovo. I can live with one key that's hard to press. I can't however live with every key having a 50/50 chance of activating, and scrolling at the pace of a snail. This is going in the bin.
I purchased this keyboard (4000) from Staples to replace a 1999 Natural keyboard that had finally given up the ghost (I still have my original 1994 Natural Keyboard which surely part Energizing Bunny, it keeps going, going...).  The 4000 went back to the store the the next day and I replaced it with a Natural Keyboard Elite. The problem, that would be the space bar.  I really liked everything else about the product, but could not get around the space bar. It does NOT engage when pressed, usually on either of the outer areas at the corners.  I am a touch typist and this space bar significantly dropped by speed and increase my error rate.  I tried to train myself to press more to the center of the space bar which worked just fine, but time and time again I would find myself pressing one or the other of the "little wings" with the result of no action and no space produced. I have used the natural keyboard for 18 years and would choose nothing else.  But this keyboard is just very poorly designed for a touch typist.  A newcomer or hunt and pecker would probably not have this trouble with the space bar. I would have given it only one star but liked the other functionality of the keys and especially the raised lip on the bottom of the wrist side of the keyboard.  I have been using a negative angle on my keyboards for many years and just find that is the less stressful way to type.  (negative angle is when the edge of the keyboard where the space bar is,is higher than the further edge of the keyboard, where the function keys are).  This position allows the fingers, wrists and forearms all to be in a natural straight line, there by decreasing at least one of the causes of carpal tunnel syndrome.
This keyboard was advertised as wireless. It is not. Although the ergonomics of this keyboard make it very comfortable to use, the space bar sticks which makes typing a pain in the butt! I probably would have kept this keyboard were it not for the sticky space bar. I type too fast to have to deal with that problem.
Absolutely useless! It is unusable, very cheap plastic and IT DOESN'T WORK. My Windows 7 cannot detect it not even when I connect it with the cable. I can't believe the 5 stars ratings for this piece of junk. I don't want to offend anybody but there is no way this crap would deserve 5 stars. The only think that works on it is the laser pointer. Even if it would work, it's still cheap noisy plastic. It would take a lot of time to type a simple word. Do yourselves a favor and stay away from this junk.
Fully charged the wireless range is about 2'. Mouse pad is in a bad location making it difficult to operate keys on the right side of the keyboard. Mouse pad has delayed reaction and needs to be swiped several times to travel across screen. If you decide to buy this product it will be laying in your useless electronics junk pile within a week.
I spend anywhere from 3 to 7 hours typing nearly every day.  I bought this keyboard thinking I would relieve some of the aching that recently developed in my wrists and arms.  I tried for over a week to get used to this keyboard and finally decided to return to my old one after nearly ending up in tears from my discomfort and frustration. I was never able to adjust to the key placement and my typing speed was severely affected.  I don't necessarily wish to discourage anyone from buying this keyboard, but instead ENCOURAGE trying it out in a store first.  I believe I should have tried a less ergonomic keyboard first as I may have had an easier time adjusting.  Pay close attention here: the spacebar is unbelievably stiff, just as another reviewer mentioned.
I'm an I.T. Engineer for a hospital and have gone through literally a hundred of these. The characters rub off the keys after about three months of constant use. Quite often the space bar sticks or keys fall off the board altogether. A piece of junk for the money.
Beware!  I bought this keyboard when it came up as one of the top-rated keyboards in my Amazon search for "Apple wireless keyboards."  Once I received it, I found out that it is a windows keyboard.  It is very cute.  But it is NOT for Apple.
I purchased this for remote use with an Acer pad computer. The power button fell off almost immediately. I was able to power on the unit with a fingernail. After installing drivers, the keyboard section works, but the trackpad does not. I wish more time had gone into quality control.
I'm frankly shocked at all the good reviews here.  The touchpad on this thing is unusable, it's so out of control sensitive that even getting my hand or finger anywhere close to it (even on just the outside of the device on either the front or the back) cause the cursor to jump all over the place or begin clicking as it perceives more than one tap of the pad.  There appears to be no way of controlling the sensitivity and even looking around trying to find such a setting drove me to such anger that I threw the device away to keep myself from throwing it.  I'll be going back to my lenovo keyboard.
Just as i read after my order was already placed, I received my product about a month after ordering, not in the box, and it wasn't even the product i ordered. As soon as i opened what was left of my package and held it in my hand i could tell it was a cheap knock off of what i thought i bought. it installed all the drivers without ease but that didn't matter because all i could get to work on that little hunk of junk was the laser pointer. DONT NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER.
The keys require too much force to depress, and are too thick, which makes it difficult to type fast without creating typos.  The shape is good though.
I just built a brand new PC for gaming and a media center. I was hoping to use a wireless keyboard and mouse for the first time since I plan to use the keyboard/mouse on the couch and I didn't want wires running everywhere. This keyboard is extremely easy to setup... just plug the USB stick in the back, switch the mouse on, and you are ready to go. Unfortunately, don't count on this keyboard and mouse working well for gaming, especially for FPS. I tried playing Battlefield 3 and it was a nightmare. The keyboard wouldn't work for seconds at a time and then would ultimately send all of the keystrokes at once. The mouse would also not function smoothly regardless of the variety of mouse pads and surfaces I tried. Buy this product only if you plan on doing web browsing and word processing.
Device worked great for perhaps a week or so. When it stopped working, the instructions had no help, and neither did the Favi website. I emailed them, and received a suggestion from their support to reset the keyboard, but it still doesn't work. Too bad, because while it worked, it was a great device.
Moving from the original Microsoft Natural keyboard (which worked great for over 15 years), took a little adjustment - the original was built like a brick, whereas this is lighter and cheaper.  It also has the newer, more compact, arrow key layout.  Otherwise, it's was a functional, ergonomic keyboard, that is, until the "1", "4", and "7" number keys stopped working. Three-year manufacturer warranty, so have to decide if it's worth the shipping costs to get another one (who knows how long that would last).
Like so many others, a bunch of keys stopped working on mine. I opened it up and the circuits inside are just not working no matter how hard I press down.  It really is a shame because I do love this keyboard.
I spent most of my days writing code and am quite comfortable with split keyboards.  That being said, I cannot recommend this keyboard.  The space bar is just too poorly designed. If you look at the pictures of this keyboard you can see that the space bar is quite wide.  Now think about where your thumb is when you strike the space bar - off to the side.  However, the actuator for the spacebar is centered on the space bar.  This increases the amount of force required to strike the space bar. For a traditional keyboard this generally is not an issue.  However, the split nature of this keyboard makes the space bar longer than those found on traditional keyboards (the MS spacebar is a full 1.5 inches longer than that on my traditional Dell keyboard). Worse, the required force results in a loud clicking noise everytime the space bar is struck.  If you don't mind a loud keyboard, you may find this acceptable.  If you share an office space or work in a cubicle, you'll drive your neighbors crazy.  I've got my own office and drive myself crazy when typing. The solution is trivial, but apparently didn't occur to anybody at Microsoft:  the space bar should be split as well.  With a spacebar actuator on both the left and right sides of the keyboard, this problem would disappear and the space bar would actuate like all of the other keys (which respond nicely).  Why MS feels that a split keyboard should have one big space bar that spans both sides is beyond me.
All but one of the keys on this keyboard are great.  If this was the tilde key, I would love this keyboard.  Unfortunately, it's the space bar.  The actuation for the space bar is at the center of the key, which isn't necessarily the cause of the problem, but it certainly doesn't help.  My previous MS keyboard (I believe it was the Elite), actuated at the center also, but the key was designed in such a way so as to allow it to be pressed anywhere quite easily.  On this keyboard, the space bar has to be pressed very near the center in order for the key to work.  Even then, it has to be pressed quite firmly, and it makes a very loud clicking noise.  Seeing as how the space bar is used more than any other key, this is unacceptable.  I am returning this immediately.
I have been looking for a new keyboard for a long time.  I figured it was time to try out this particular model.  YUCK!. I could hardly type on it, and some buttons required that extra oz. of pressure to type.  It was un-usually BAD!  I therefore decided to take a trip to a local electronics giant and see what they had on display.  My findings are that most keyboards now do not have the tactile feedback we are used to, they are however more quiet and soft to the touch.  That being said, I found the Microsoft Wireless Desktop 3000 with the Blue Trac mouse to be a better feel and it was easier to type.  It has been ordered and will hopefully arrive tomorrow as a replacement. 2 stars on this one, a new review of the 3000 in a few days.
I got this new keyboard because I was sick and tired of waiting for my old board to decide to transit letters to the screen. I never use the keyboard anywhere than on the desk with the CPU literally 2.5 linear feet away. Well guess what - this one isn't really any better. I don't have time for this garbage and need to find a keyboard that actually works when it's supposed to. Oh - this one is actually WORSE than my old one - it hasn't held up as well to being thrown across the room or being pounded on with frustration as well as the old one did.
good quality overall , but an extremely sensitive touch pad along with sticky keys that will occasionally give a long line of the same letter, or scroll uncontrollably to the top or bottom of the page prevent me from giving it a top rating. I am hoping the key problem will lessen as I use the key board more. I do not have a light touch so I figure the pad might take some getting used to, but some sort of adjustment like on a laptop pad would be useful. Since I am only using this product to control a pc hooked to my tv these problems are not overwhelming , however using it for a business presentation might not be a good idea.
This is the minority report on this keyboard's "ergonomics" for anyone about to waste cash on this poser. Firstly, if you are one who inhabits a cleanly lit office space with about 1 candlepower of light per square inch this jet-black stealthy keyboard could be quite suitable there. If not so fortunate, a crippling flaw of this keyboard will present itself rather immediately... the constant fishing around for the proper keystrokes led only by your sense of touch. Sure I upgraded from a noisy, clicky, dirty white, AT connector keyboard that I ran into the ground after years of abuse. It was spacious, not compact like this one (heaven help you on a smaller keyboard than the 4000). I could get up at 0300 and bang out a letter with ease, bathed in only the dim light of the monitor. Why... BECAUSE MY OLD KB HAD EFFECTIVE KEY BUMPS YOU CHEAP MS MORONS. Maybe you're more tactile-sensitive? Prepare yourself for the non-existent keybumps. Buyer Beware!!!
I am a developer and use the keyboard quite a bit. Bought this keyboard for lack of space at my desk. Within 3 months, the ( key has stopped working. Opened up the key, air-cleaned it, poked around with a pencil, but the key is plain dead. This keyboard does not last!
I have wanted to review this product ever since I got it a few months ago but wasn't quite sure what I would title the review.  It's an odd product.  I could have titled this review:  * Jack of all trades, master of none  * Not recommended for HTPC  * Not recommended for presentations  * It does everything... poorly I hate to slam the product itself because it's trying to accomplish something that I don't think is possible: Combine a full keyboard, touchpad and multimedia controls into a compact unit with great battery life.  The problem is you can't have your cake and eat it too.  I think the engineering team that put this together did a great job given their requirements, but their marketing/management should be blamed for handing them an impossible task.  The end product meets all of these requirements, it's just not very usable. The keyboard: With thumb-typing on this thing the best you're going to get is 10-20 words a minute.  The keys are very small.  It's fine for entering a word or two occasionally but I'm irritated by it just entering search words into netflix. The touchpad: Stinks.  There are almost 1/4" edges around the perimeter of the touchpad which makes it impossible to use the full touchpad.  I'm sure they designed it this way for durability reasons, but it lowers the usability of the touchpad.  Even with practice it takes me 2-3x longer to mouse around the screen with it (compared to say, a Macbook touchpad).  Whenever people come over to my house I cringe watching them struggle with it. The media controls: Are only accessible via function keys.  This is why this thing makes a terrible media center / HTPC remote.  Technically it works, but a) you have to look carefully at what you're doing -- no tactile indicators for where these buttons are and b) it requires two hands and you have to grab the thing in an odd way in order to hit the media buttons.  You can't access the media buttons with only your thumbs. Battery life: They get big points for battery life.  I only have to charge it about once a month. Overall I think this product is trying to do too many things at once (there's even a laser pointer!) and sadly just fails at all of them.  (The laser pointer is fun for entertaining the dog). Would I buy again? I don't think so. For my HTPC I would rather have an integrated 3/4 size keyboard/trackball, such as the HP media center keyboard.  For presentations I would rather have a dedicated presentation controller.
I went and got this keyboard after the first one broke.  I found the keys were re-arranged.  Instead of hitting home - I wound up deleting my work. This is a keyboard I cannot work with.  Model Number 1 and 3's were better.
Eventually got this to work via bluetooth on my Dell Zino 410 HTPC.  However, its trackpad was slow and frustrating to use.  Unfortunate cause it seems from other reviewers it worked fine.
Ok, This is a very good keyboard. Preatty silent to (except for the space that does normal noise :{   Why I gave it 3 stars? Becouse if you are playing a game or something else that requires pressing more than 2 buttons at once it won't recognize the third button as being pressed...as I bought it for a little gaming as well I'm going to give it just 3 stars.
I've got to admit, I kind of liked this keyboard at first.  I had been using the Microsoft Natural Ergo, but they weren't holding up.  I went through 3 of them in 2 years, so I figured I'd go cheap and give the ComfortCurve a try.  I didn't even get 6 months out of it before the letter "t" stopped working.  I took the keyboard apart, thinking it might be a dust/dirt/moisture problem and the inside of the keyboard was pristine - as clean as could be.  I could find no physical or environmental reason for the keys to stop working.  I put it back together and it worked for about an hour - then the letter "a" stopped working.  It's now sitting in the garbage, which is where I'm convinced all Microsoft keyboards belong.
I like to try all Logitech Kb/Mouse combos. In general, they are all good. This one too.  BUT.....Limited range....8' at best angle. Not a problem unless you are going to use it for home theatre. I find the MK-520 to be excellent. Average 25+ ft range. and can be had for under $40.
I bought one of these keyboard, but it was different from my friends, which was ordered from this same link.  The buttons are mine does not convex in the center of the buttons.  It protrude out towards the edge of the buttons, which is a bit weird when you type on it.  My friend has the one that convex in the center of the buttons, which felt so much better.  I guess I am bad luck with getting a perhaps old or different revision.  I am not too happy that I didn't get the exact same product as my friend...
Like other buyers say. It looks good, but it's too big to comfortably use a mouse on the side. The key action is too stiff, the programmable keys are not really programmable, and the space key sticks on occasion. It's a keyboard, and the space key sticks! That's enough to make it the Vista of keyboards.
First of all, the box says that there is a manual included, but there is no manual. I eventually found a manual on another retail electronics website. Next, this keyboard did not work on both my computers: A Windows Vista 32 bit laptop and a Windows 7 64 bit desktop. I followed all directions and searched several pages of Google results. They all say that this should work with no drivers to install, and that there are no drivers, since it should just work. I finally found the manufacturer's website (which was extremely difficult, by the way!), and learned that it is a company in China. Some of their website is in English, though, so i sent them an email asking about drivers. Of course, i asked in English, so maybe that's why i haven't received a response yet. On the bright side, Amazon accepted my return of this item, and i've moved on to a much better device by a different company. UPDATE: I eventually decided to try out another one of these units from a different seller (Not Amazon's warehouse), and the unit worked perfectly. This new unit had a better backlight, a bluetooth adapter that was much smaller, and came with everything it was supposed to. It was as if Amazon gave me an older version of the product, and the other company gave me a brand new one. I'm not changing the 1-star because it is likely that Amazon will give you the same busted unit i had (which was probably returned by someone before me). Buy this device from somewhere else to ensure you get the new version of the unit.
The spacebar is stiff in the center and jams when hit at the sides.  As the hands relax on the keyboard, the thumbs naturally tend to move inward.  At this point, when the spacebar is hit at the upper left or right corner, it will jam.  This will lead to wrist discomfort.  I would need to make a constant conscious effort to keep my thumbs extended, and even then the spacebar would be stiffer than expected. NOTE:  I have bought/tried this keyboard at multiple stores.  This is a persistent problem that affects every keyboard that I tried.
I threw mine at the wall and broke it. Lagg was crazy, constantly los signal. Touch pad was the worst I ever used. I bought mine at $60 what a waste.
Could have more WMC keys. So far I am very happy with it. Could have a "handle" to assist in picking up. Update, 4-10-12, One Key dead, the down curser key has stopped working. Down to 2 stars. This is not acceptable. More Chinese junk. Thanks Logitech, your stuff needs improvement. Try another brand. April, 26, 2012. Not worth the cash. More keys have failed. 1 star is too many.
I bought this to use as a kb/mouse combo for a Raspberry Pi HTPC setup, hoping I could also use the receiver to pair a Wii to the Pi.  When I got it, I had trouble getting the Bluetooth manager to recognize the keyboard.  I figured out that even though it says bluetooth on the back of the keyboard and on the box, it is a RF keyboard, not BT. Additionally, the short sleep timer causes the mouse to misbehave in LXDE and Gnome.  Once the device goes to sleep, the mouse gets stuck in the bottom 10% of the screen until the next reboot. I guess you get what you pay for, considering this device is less than 1/2 the price of any other brand device.
This is a very nice keyboard. The size did surprise me. It is a bit small -my laptop keyboard is bigger than this one but it's not considered a mini. The two-finger scrolling function on the touch pad leave a lot to be desired. All & all... it's not the worse, not the best, and will probably find something better in a short while.
So I order this thinking it was a bluetooth device from the product description and some of the reviews. Well that wasn't the case I was sent some RF "Rii mini" version. It doesn't connect to any computer in my house, it's RF not bluetooth, there is no support on the website once you find it (don't bother googling the name on the package cause it's wrong.) over all this product isn't good. I have a claim with the manf and I'll revisit once I see the action they take.
Yes it is comfortable designed but the return key stopped to work after 4 months even though i had not used it that much at all.
I have been using this style of Microsoft keyboard for many years. Suddenly they no longer make it in a wireless format. Now I can no longer move my keyboard back while conferencing with students since I am now tethered by a cord. The quality of the product has gone down too. The keys are now much louder and the letters have come off of half of the keys after only two weeks! My last keyboard lasted me about five years and all of the keys are still readable. Good thing I don't need to know what letter each key is! I really wish someone else made a good ergonomic keyboard. I am very dissatisfied with this one!
I've bought several of these over my computing lifetime because I trash keyboards and these are cheap. They're great when they work, and very bad when they don't. My most recent keyboard lasted all of a few days, and they're just not worth returning for a new one. I've decided to buy a better quality from now on, but this model might do as a cheapie backup to have on hand for emergencies or the rough-housing user in your life. There's a nice feel to the hand placement and good action in the keys.
I bought this for use with my HTPC. I've had it for about six months - very little use in that time. When I have tried to use it, it usually ends up being unresponsive unless it's hooked up with the USB cable. And today it wouldn't respond at all, despite being plugged in and fully charged. Not worth the aggravation - I've tossed it and will be looking for something else. Don't bother with this piece of trash.
This keyboard is great if CTS.
I ended up returning this keyboard as it was not as comfortable as all the reviews mentioned.  I do part time transcripts so have to use my keyboard a lot and did not feel this would suffice.  Some keys were hard to push.
I bought this a few months ago and it consumes too much energy, I have to replace the batteries too soon, plus the mouse slows down sometimes and I have to take the battery off and on, and then when I do this it works again, but it is annoying. Maybe I must try another one... it is a shame because I have been using Logitech for years and never had a problem.
I don't understand how this keyboard has gotten so many positive reviews. It's really bulky one, and keys are not soft at all. I had trouble even in pressing some keys - had to return it on the same day I received the product. What a waste of time.
The device has a lot of potentially awesome uses but breaks down significantly if you are near 10 feet from the usb dongl.  The keyboard is un-use-ably slow on the response and skips many presses.  The touchpad works for a few moments just fine, then just hangs.  In many cases, it looks like the connection is "busy" and the red lights just flash with zero response.  After a few days and different scenarios (distances, activities), I could not find any use for the device and tossed it.  I'm not commenting on the company as a whole, but I would not buy this model, EVER.
I do transcription work and needed a keyboard that was ergonomic designed to prevent repetitive stress issues.  This keyboard definitely is designed to match the natural positioning of your hands/fingers.  I only have two concerns with it.  First, it does take some getting use to.  I do transcription work, I haven't been able to become fully adjusted to the arrangement of the keys.  For some reason, the right hand is causing more problems than the left.  The biggest pains are the number 6 key, and the distance between the arrow keys and the alpha keypad.  Secondly, I wear a wrist brace and while using this keyboard I can't wear it.  And even though the design is ergonomic, since I do have some minor repetitive stress discomfort, it would be better if I could still use my wrist brace.  The way the keyboard is designed makes it uncomfortable to use it, putting my wrist in an uncomfortable position.  Overall, I gave it three stars because of these concerns.  I have only had it for a couple of months, but still haven't been using it all the time since with me time is money and it slows down my typing speed too much since I'm not familiar with the keyboard yet.  I'm hoping once my workflow slows down a little, I will have more time to get familiar with it, right now it's just an extra keyboard that my son uses when he's on my computer 'cause he thinks it's awesome!
This keyboard is small and responsive except for the left mouse button under the touchpad. I am unable to get it consistently register a click, with about half of all clicks not registering. The right mouse button and the second left-click button work as expected, however. I originally ordered the keyboard and had this problem but believed it was just an isolated faulty keyboard. The replacement keyboard exhibits the same problems with the left mouse button. I hope my third attempt with this board is successful.
From the moment I opened it there was something loose inside, although everything worked fine --- so I ignored it. It actually did work as advertised, and I found the range to be better than the average wireless device. After a week it stopped working, and now when it turns on it oscillates the back light on and off, the laser pointer doesn't work, and it never connects.  I've charged it for a few days, unplugged and replugged the usb connector, waited several minutes, nothing brings it back to life... Sucks... I actually liked the damn thing.
This keyboard has wonderful bells and whistles, and I _really want to love it.  However, I find that the space key istotally non-functional; it loves to either not add a space or add too many.  As you can see from this review, maybe one out of ten times or so the space key malfunctions.  ___It's particularly bad when I tap it twice quickly at the end of a sentence.  ___What you see here isthe unedited results of typing on this keyboard.  While it's annoying and intrusive typing prose, it's completely unusable for applications which use the space key as apaging mechanism (eg, reading mail or an RSS feed via an  RSS reader, when it skips _a bunch of items and marks them "read").  [Since HTML doesn't show the extra spaces, I've gone back and replaced all the extras with "_" -- it doesn't type the underscores, it adds extra spaces.] My wife works at Microsoft so I got this for a steep (and non-refundable) discount.  I can't imagine paying $50 for this fundamentally flawed device.
I purchased this remote on the recommendation of a friend and after 45 days it stopped working.  I contacted the company FAVI Entertainment for support, but they advised me they do not support their products unless purchased from an authorized re-seller, of which they do not list who is an authorized re-seller.  So basically they offer no warranty on this product, it's buyer beware.
I loved the ergonomics on this keyboard, which is why when my first one died I paid the high price for a second one. Now, the second one has died, too. Isn't it just like MS to spend a fortune researching the perfect ergonomic configuration, and then they build it into a piece of junk that dies if you twist the cable too hard. So totally typical of them. I only bought it the first time because it was so well-reviewed. Well, I should have known better. Microsoft, you're never getting another cent from me, EVER!
I have developed pain in my hands, mostly my thumbs from excessive keyboarding and probably some arthritis.  I ordered this keyboard with hopes of improving my condition.  I wish I had read the negative reviews closer.  While there are many features that are good and the general feel of the keyboard is comfortable, the space bar was a deal breaker for me. My thumbs are already so sore, having to press the space bar so hard made my condition even worse! Sorry, but I will be returning it.
Simply put, the range on this thing sucks. At just ten feet, the mouse gets jittery and the keyboard doesn't transmit all my typing. For the size and layout, the keyboard and touchpad are easy enough to use, though the touchpad is a bit finicky at times. Also, the left and right mouse buttons are poorly located and hard to use. The back-light is nice, since I use this keyboard in my bed room. The charge seems to last long enough for regular use. All in all, it's not the worst, but it's in the lower end of the spectrum, if you're looking for a HTPC remote. Pros: small decent layout rechargeable back-lit keyboard Cons: terrible range poor touchpad tracking cheap feel
I have had 2 of these microsoft keyboards, and they all have had the same problem, the keys stop working.
The keyboard and mouse install easily, just put the dongle in a USB port and turn them on. The laser mouse has good, but not great accuracy, and is comfortable for my hand. I am a longtime fan of Logitech mice. The key feel is good, and they are quiet.  However, there is no caps lock indicator.  I have to do multiple logins in my work, and frequently have problems with passwords because the caps lock is on. My second objection is that the I don't feel the raised bumps on the F, J, and 5 keys , and I frequently find my fingers in the wrong position, typing junk, and having to go back and correct.
The keyboard seems to have minor "hangups" or "lag spikes" every minute or so. I didn't figure out what the correlation of occurrence was before I stopped using it. When typing, it would suddenly stop working for about 10 seconds, then all the letters that were typed in that 10 seconds would appear at once. Playing games (was trying to do multiplayer Borderlands) was very, very annoying when WASD stopped working for lengths of time like that. I went back to my old keyboard.
I only use ergo keyboards. Can't use flat ones, since my forearms go numb within a half hour. I bought the MS Natural Ergo 4000 KB to replace an aging PS2 no-name KB. I really didn't need to, my fingers fly on the old KB, but wanted USB and wanted a bit quieter keys. My typical go-to company for accessories like these is Logitech (just do NOT order direct from Logitech... go Amazon every time). However since Logitech does not have ergo keyboards (no... they do NOT have ergo keyboards... the wave crap is just a wavy non-ergo KB... I repeat Logitech does NOT have ergo KBs)... hmmm where was I? I digress. Oh yeah... since Logitech doesn't have ergo KBs, the Microsoft Ergo 4000 seemed to be the most popular one. Thought I'd give it a try. Quick summary... I'm going back to my old PS2 no-name KB. Here are my observations on the MS Ergo 4000. PROS This KB is very quiet, which I've come to like. It also has very nice function buttons that you can use to launch a browser, calculator, zoom in and out, and do other functions. It's black, so shows less finger grime, and I like the cushioned wrist pads. The bottom of the KB elevates for proper typing posture (I still can't fathom why anyone elevates the back of a KB!!!), and the split in the keys is very comfortable for me. CONS (for me, unfortunately they outweigh the pros) * This is a non-gaming KB. Now I don't need a specific "gaming KB" to play games, but I do need to be able to press more than 2 or 3 keys simultaneously. With my old PS2 no-namer, I could do that. However, with the MS Ergo 4000 I cannot. For example, I crouch (CTRL) and move forward (UP ARROW). If I try to move diagonally forward while crouching (CTRL, UP ARROW, LEFT OR RIGHT ARROW), it won't work. I just keep moving forward. I can crouch and move a single direction, but I can't crouch and move diagonally because that involves 3 simultaneous key presses, which the MS Ergo 4000 doesn't support. * Hate the main ENTER key. My PS2 no-name KB has a large reverse-L-shaped ENTER key. I can smack that thing when I'm typing or gaming... can't miss it. I type very fast too. The ENTER key on the MS Ergo 4000 is a small horizontal bar, not a larger reverse-L-shaped key. The backslash key is directly above the ENTER key. I'd say 50% of the time I hit the backslash when trying to hit ENTER. In 2 months of use with the MS Ergo 4000, I can't overcome the smaller ENTER key. It's even worse with games, where I need quick access to the ENTER key. Half the time I miss it or I hit multiple keys. * On my PS2 old KB, the backslash is under the ENTER key, and I use that key for game functions (I game with mouse and arrow keys, not with WASD keys). I find the backslash key on the MS Ergo 4000 to be placed in an inconvenient spot. This is more of a niggling issue, as most KBs have the backslash above the ENTER key, but I like my old KB's placement of it under the ENTER key. * The space bar on the MS Ergo 4000 is generally okay if hit near the middle area, but toward the outer edges it sticks and won't press. This isn't an issue while typing for me, since my thumb hits it just right of center. However for gaming, my left pinkie finger hits it near the right edge. Maybe 20-30% of the time it catches and won't press when I hit it during a game. * The ESC key on the MS Ergo 4000 is just below the browser launch button. With my older KB I can hit ESC without looking at it. In fact, I'm very attuned to the key placement on my older KB, and can hit just about any key anytime without looking. With the MS Ergo, I hit the browser launch button about 40-50% of the time unless I'm looking for the key with my eyes. That's about it. It is a decent KB, comfortable, split very well, and quiet keys. However, I can't overcome the smaller ENTER key and the lack of multiple simultaneous key presses for my gaming activities. I've gone back to my older PS2 KB, and will probably stick with it until computers no longer have PS2 ports... then I'll get one of those more pricey PS2 to USB adapters. Unfortunately, no one makes an ergo split KB for gaming specifically that I can find. At least one that meets my criteria for gaming, ENTER key, etc. Would love to see Logitech make a split ergo KB (again, that wave stuff is not ergo), but companies really aren't too concerned about making really reliable, good ergo split designs. The MS Ergo 4000 is an exception, and it's a good KB, but just doesn't fit my needs. If they redesigned with the larger ENTER key, and maybe 4-5 simultaneous key press support or better, it might be the perfect KB. Until then, I'll stick with my tried and true.
Well, right out of the box I was impressed. It was light and typed fairly nicely, but after a few weeks keys started getting stuck or just not working at all. Now, after a few months, the shift key sticks or doesn't work every other time. Also, a few keys have just totally gone dead and you have to bang them down to make it work again. I'm not a heavy typer or anything, and am not usually prone to banging on my keyboards, so it's not something I did to it. At any rate, go for another keyboard and save yourself the trouble.
I don't usually write reviews, but as I type this up, my second comfort curve keyboard is failing. This time its keys 'zxc'. I opened it up to see if I could notice something with just a cursory examination, and its nothing obvious to me. These keyboards have a great profile, but plan on buying 1 a year if you do.
Despite the mixed reviews about this keyboard, I was hopeful that it would be the perfect answer for my MacMini which is attached to my HD television in my livingroom.  Unfortunately, the nay-sayers are correct.  The RF range is only about 2 to 3 feet.  This will not work across even a small room as a remote keyboard.  The keypad is quirky, the mousepad is not responsive enough, and overall it is just too frustrating.  Hopefully, the technology will improve in a few years, but pass on this keyboard for now.
I purchased this directly from Amazon, and my husband had it set up very easily and quickly.  However, he discovered that two of the keys didn't work just as quickly as he had it set up.  Luckily, a local big-box store had the same keyboard/mouse combo, so we decided to exchange it there and see if the new one was any better before returning to Amazon.  The new keyboard is fully functional and we use it and the mouse to watch streaming video on the TV via the laptop and to do some basic websurfing.  There sometimes is a pretty decent delay in typing and having it show up on the screen, but since it is a cheap, non-bluetooth keyboard I can live with that for the price we paid and the amount we use it. Both the keyboard and mouse are a "normal" size, and the mouse can be turned off when not in use to preserve battery life.
My old Logitech had served me well, but it was time for a new one.  This one is horrid.  Like another reviewer noted, it can be very difficult to get it to type.  Sometimes you have to hit a key 6+ times to get the character.  The space bar is particularly difficult. You look up to see that half the characters in the sentence you just typed are not there and there are no spaces between words.  To make matters worse, this occurs erractically ... some times it works just fine.  This morning it is not in a good mood -- it took me 10 minutes to type the title.  I find it works best when my trusty Dell keyboard is also plugged in (and that makes it easier to switch, as I did to write this review or I would be here for hours).  Very frustrating! Second problem is the caps lock key, which resides to the immediate left of the "A" key.  If you touch type, most every time reach for an "A" you hit the caps lock key and get a green neon message that caps lock is on (or off).  I have never had this problem with other keyboards, even my Gyration very mini-keyboard where the keys are very small and very close. The mouse is fine.
In only about 6 months the paint on the keys are worn off badly.  About half a dozen keys I can't barely even see!  The 'N' which really among all the keys is completely gone!  And Microsoft DOES NOT stand behind their products saying normal wear and tear is not covered!  So basically I am screwed and they would replace it but it would cost me more than I paid for it originally!  I WILL NEVER purchase another hardware product from Microsoft since they don't stand behind their products anymore!
My wrists hurt (I'm a programmer and spend at least 8 hours a day at the computer) so after reading a lot of positive reviews, I gave this keyboard a try.  I returned it after 1 week for the following reasons: 1. The spacebar is huge and clunky - it makes typing loud, slow and difficult and completely offsets any ergonomic benefits. 2. The keys are mushy and feel cheap. 3. The keyboard is very ugly and it takes up way too much desk space. The spacebar was the deal breaker for me.  If Microsoft had split the spacebar or found a way to make it less clunky and horrible, I probably would have kept the keyboard.
It's a good product....everything works like advertised...except the range. Range really sucks!!! I had to buy a usb cable extension to bring the usb receiver closer to the keyboard... which makes no sense. I could have just bought a wired keyboard!!! I figure the actual range on this unit is aprox less then 2 feet....no kidding!!!
With a name like Logitech, I really did expect more.  For years, the Logitech mouse really has been the best one around. However, this mouse is quite a bit too small. It is suitable for someone with very small hands.  Someone with larger hands-eg a guy-will probably find this mouse hard to hold, maneuver and use.  This mouse must be manipulated with fingertips, not the palm, and so, I agree, it is a bit too tiring to use.  The way this whole set up is configured, the mouse cannot lie flat as it inserts into the keyboard and it juts out from the side. The keyboard is not springy-it does not respond well and you have to work too hard to use it properly to type. All in all, I think you can probably do better.
This is a great keyboard and is my current keyboard. But in the interest of keeping this objective, listing out all thoughts. I'm very happy with this keyboard but If it were possible, I would rate this a 3.65. -ve: Spacebar key: The only genuinely annoying feature of this keyboard was the spacebar.I usually hit the spacebar key with my right hand.I've found the spacebar key VERY hard to press with the right hand.Surprisingly it's easier with the left hand(suppose it's because of the contour/shape).I forcefully had to change my touchtyping habits to circumvent this problem.(Not sure if this is an issue with my particular piece) useless zoom wheel: By default, the zoom key is largely not useful. But there's a clever hack(customization) where you can convert it to a scroll function. Micro peeps should configure this by default (Scroll way more useful than zoom). Big ass body : The whole point of this keyboard is for the ergonomics and good posture. Because the keyboard is like a spaceship(but cool looking), if you have just one table or platform for your keyboard and mouse, you necessarily have to keep your mouse at a distance, which isn't ideal from an ergonomic point of view(but not too much of a biggie). goes without saying you can use this keyboard comfortable only if you know how to touchtype :P ! +ve: You will learn to touchtype: As a corollary to my last negative, You will learn to touchtype with this keyboard. You need to learn to touchtype if you spend more than 2 hours in front of a computer these days. Ergo: The shape of the keyboard and placement of keys (other than spacebar), is pretty darn comfortable Keyboard noise/response: Doesn't make too much noise which is good(but neither does it feel rock solid. This keyboard will serve a furious typer for about 4 years). Billions of useful hotkeys: You don't need all of them, but there are plenty of options, and if you start to get lazy there's a key for everything or a key you can customize to get anything done. -- While i don't mind this keyboard, the hard keys are frustrating. After this keyboard conks out on me, i'm going to explore alternatives. Currently  though, I don't see a better option in the market.
Good overall keyboard if it wasn't for the space bar. It's loud and annoying. I'd say its worth it to pay a little more and get a better one.
This is a nice basic ergonomic keyboard.  I personally needed something cheap and in quick order and this fit the bill.  I am a gamer however and this keyboard comes with two problems for those of us who game.  First, I personally feel that inlaid keys are a gamers worst nightmare.  I can't tell you how many keys I have assigned that require me to hit something with the side of my hand or pinky finger.  With inlaid keys, this becomes difficult to impossible.  You have to literally press down with your finger tips.  This makes great sense ergonomically because that is the healthiest way to use you hand - it encourages you to curve your fingers.  The second problem is that this comes with a key stroke limit - after you have about 3 keys down at once, it stops reading what you are doing.  So, imagine that you, for example, are strifing, while running forward, and holding a chat/sprint key down... then you need to hit a use key or reload - no go, and you are dead. Anyway, this is fairly nice keyboard. It just isn't robust enough for gamer.  I will try it for a few more days but if it continues to result in my ingame deaths and I can't find a work around or way to get the stroke limiter off, it will be going back to the store promptly.
Not easy to hit space key. It's stiff in some angle in typing and loud. Not recommend this keyboard.
I don't use this keyboard THAT much, but after a year or so, the letters on the keys rubbed off.  Annoying.
I do alot of typing and this keyboard made my elbows hurt...
Today I set up my new keyboard.  I have already requested the paperwork to return it.  The problem: The space bar is way too loud unless you press it in the middle which is too long a stretch.  The noise is very distracting.  I don't know if the problem is unique to mine or all of them.  I will seek a replacement.
Great keyboard - EXCEPT the USB cable entering the back is VERY thin, and there is NO strain relief or even an attempt to make the entrance point curve gently. In addition, the cable enters the rear of the keyboard at its deepest point. The very thin cable, the sharp bend at the entry point, and the entry point being at the deepest point mean that if you ever take the keyboard anywhere, the USB cable is abused, and consequently, the internal wires of the USB cable break. Although I am very careful (I try not to bend the cable sharply), and although I have moved it only a few times (admittedly once in a suitcase, on an airplane) it has broken twice in a few years.  This last time I cannot repair it, and I am looking for a different model. I have one of these at work also, and it has worked for years just sitting on my desk. So, it's a GREAT keyboard IF you never move it!
I bought this to control my HTPC.  I love the concept and the form factor but am very disappointed in the quality/functionality. PROs + Size is excellent, smaller than a typical tv remote + Keyboard is very compact but the keys are large enough to be usable + Touchpad is a key advantage of the design and is big enough to be usable + Mouse keys and arrow bottons are well placed, below the touchpad + Range is fine (some reviewers criticized range but I had no problems, see note below on line of sight) + Battery life is good CONs - Keys are poor quality and often stick or require multiple touches to register (sometimes you press a key once and have it fill the screen with the same character, other times you have to press the same key 4 or 5 times to get anything) - Touchpad often is not responsive (when it works it's great but often it doesn't and you have to turn it off and on again) - Appears to require line of sight connection with USB receiver.  I have mine placed on a front USB port, so I can usually connect, but you have to make sure that nothing is in the way. - Frequently have to turn on/off the keyboard to unfreeze the keys and touchpad (even in the middle of active use) - Missing F9-F12 function keys which is a problem for some applications (not a huge problem but an issue) - Have to recharge from a PC with a USB port.  It comes with a USB cable/charger but this doesn't have an attachment for an electrical outlet (annoying but I can deal with it) Bottom line - I am a very experienced technology guy and tend to have a lot of patience with gadgets if they have a high coolness factor.  The concept is very cool, but the lack of quality is so annoying that I'm going to find something else.  I would not recommend it.  Sorry.
I didn't like the way the keys or the space bar responded, all very stiff & noisy. I type a lot of data into spreadsheets & need quick and accurate response, but this was the opposite - stiff, slow, somewhat clumsy under fingertips, and large. You know how you just want to feel no resistance, or noise - it wasn't this model. I even let my teenager try it to see if he wanted it before sending back, but he also couldn't stand it, and we immediately put it back in the box, it wasn't up to par, so we are returning.  The one thing I liked was the built in gel wrist pad, that feature should be kept and the rest of it thrown out. If they would purchase a better designed keypad and put it in a smaller keyboard and use the same gel wrist pad, it would improve it a lot. Do you need to hire me to engineer it?  :).
I have used MS ergonomic keyboards since the original Natural Keyboard in 1994.  I have been a huge fan of the line until this keyboard.  For some reason, the keyboard I ordered from Amazon is nothing like the 4000 I've been using at my work for the past 2 years.  This keyboard seems to drop keystrokes (particularly the spacebar) and there is no known workaround.  Unfortunately, since this is an inconsistent issue with this keyboard, I didn't realize it was a problem until it was out of the time period that I could return the unit to Amazon.com -- so now I'm stuck with it. I have since replaced it with a Logitech Cordless Desktop Wave Pro.  Aside from a slightly different keyboard layout which I'll have to get used to, I'm much happier with that keyboard -- no problems with the spacebar, very responsive keyboard, and no stiff keys aside from the function keys.
I wanted this keyboard because I have tendonitis in both hands and arms, and the layout felt very comfortable in the store where I tried it out.  However, as some others have mentioned, the spacebar requires a lot of force if you have small hands and cannot press it down in the center.  My thumbs and wrists hurt after just a few minutes (I could work for 15-20 minutes on my old keyboard before having that much pain).  It's a shame because otherwise I really like the design; maybe they could split the space bar into two keys (one for each thumb) and then you wouldn't have to press it so hard.
Doesn't feel as sturdy as other logitech keyboards.  function 5 stars, feel 2.5 stars, average overall.  also, i dont like the design on the mouse pad, plain black would have been better.
I was very excited to order this keyboard.  I have used Ergo keyboards exclusively for over 10 years now but this one I just could not adjust to.  It was hard for me to reach all the keys that required my pinkies (it actually hurt and gave me finger cramps!).  Although the key layout didn't *look* all that different from what I was used to, it *felt* really different.  I had a hard time doing any shortcuts with the CTRL key too.  And the way the keys pushed felt weird, like I couldn't really feel if I had struck the key, I had to look at my screen to see what I'd typed.
I do not agree with the negative feedback for this item.  It works exactly as I suspected, I do however power off the device when not in use, I simply leave the dongle plugged into the HTPC and power on/off the remote as needed.  Works flawless I have only had to recharge it once in a two week time period using this method of switching the remote off/on when not using.
I returned it because the space key was excessively noisy when pressed (a very loud clunk) and required excessive force to depress.  It was annoying and slowed my typing down dramatically.  (I'm also not sure I like the "split" design, but I probably would have gotten used to that.)  NOTE: at a local Staples, I found an example of this model (albeit much more pricey at $49 on sale marked down from $59) which when I tried it hands-on had a much looser and quieter space bar ... maybe Microsoft has fixed the problem, but the supply chain still has the defective ones on sale.  Conclusion: don't buy this keyboard sight-unseen, but if you can buy it in a store for a reasonable price and it doesn't have the loud space bar, then go for it.  Just make them open the box before you buy if possible, because if you get stuck with a noisy one, you'll lose your marbles.
Junk, crap, worthless, need I say more? The thing never, ever works right. I have tried switching the frequency on it 400 times to no avail. It constantly sticks with whatever key you just pushed, making your screens scroll down, letters blast off so fast you cant stop it and you get so used to constantly flipping it on and off so you can try and use it that you develop carpel tunnel on your left hand. STAY AWAY, I smashed it into pieces within a few weeks of suffering through it. If there was a zero star option I would pick it, the manufacturer should be ashamed.
i had this keyboard for about a year and i liked it. the space bar was kind of hard to use at first, but i got used to it and didn't have any problems after.  the keys are soft to the touch and i didn't mind that either.  last week i accidentally spilled iced coffee on it and the letters that got wet stopped working. i tried pulling out the individual letters to try to wipe the coffee underneath it before it fully soaked in, but i couldn't even pop out the letters.  anyway, now it's just junk. it was fun while it lasted, but i think i'll be finding an easier keyboard...one that i could clean if i spilled anything on it in the future.
Upon day one of having the mini keyboard it did not work properly. It kept disconnecting the usb receiver and had to be plugged back in for it to work again. Then after 3 days it stopped working completely. Take my advice and stay away from this unit.
I bought this keyboard to replace an older keyboard of the same make and model which the Shift key was sticking on.  They are not the same.  The tactile response of the keys is less crisp, the texture of the keys is more grainy, and the keys do not appear to be as well attached.  The keyboard retains the slightly curved key layout (my primary reason for purchase) and at less than $20, is adequate.  I am disappointed however that purchasing a new Microsoft Comfort Curve Keyboard 2000v1.0 did not really replace the one I already had.
Had I written a review soon after I bought this keyboard I would have given it 4 to 5 stars.  It feels great, and seemed to work great.  I can't recall when I bought it, but it's been about a year now and a couple of months ago the zero on the keypad just up and stopped working.  Not a big deal, I thought, since I could use the zero at the top of the keyboard.  But a few weeks ago the letter "N" stopped working!  Both keys work off and on now, and it's really frustrating when they stop working.  So, I wonder how many of you folks who gave this keyboard great reviews are now having the same issue.  I was going out tonight to replace my current keyboard with the same model and decided to look on Amazon to see if I could get a better price for it (as opposed to Frys, who carries them).  I was surprised to read that so many others are having this same issue, with keys that up and stop working. So while I love this keyboard (it feels so comfy to type on) I am hesitant to buy another one, since the odds are I will have this same issue down the road.  Even at the inexpensive price it's still a hassle having to replace the thing.
I like the layout, size, and usability of this keyboard.  For the money, it seemed like a good deal for an ergonomic keyboard.  However, the first one I bought failed completely at the one year mark.  I decided that this was probably an anomaly.  I decided since I liked this keyboard, I would try again.  I've had the second one for roughly nine months and now, like other users, certain keys are unresponsive such as the 'n.'  I will not be purchasing another Microsoft keyboard.  A shame given that the basic design is sound.
This keyboard is very comfortable and has decent pricing. But I had to return mine because of an iritating problem with the spacebar. The spacebar key is springloaded in the middle and if you hit the key on the ends it is a little hard to press down. If you type fast, then some spaces might get missed. I returned my first piece and got another one but it had the same problem. But I dont think all pieces have this problem because a friend of mine has a piece on which the spacebar works ok. I just want potential buyers to be aware of this issue. Apart from this I liked the keyboard. Sad that I had to return this. Edit: ----- I have this keyboard at office now, the spacebar is working much better on that (it could be better though).
As a 3/4 size keyboard I find this keyboard just too cramped to properly type on.  This probably would have been fine if it wasn't for the addition of arrow keys wedged in under the Enter key.  The Enter key is less than half size, but the real killer for me is the right-shift. The damn thing is the same size as a regular key (less than half of what a regular shift key is) and has the up-arrow right goddamn next to it. I can't even count the number of times just typing this review that I went to hit shift and ended up moving up a line instead.  I've tried... I just cannot get used to this keyboard layout.  I considered just changing the keymapping so that the arrow was another shift button, but the whole board is still too small to be comfortable to me.  I'll keep it as a spare though... the cost to return it is about 1/3rd the price of the keyboard. The case is a light plastic. It feels cheap, like the battery cover plate is going to eventually break off. It does have a nice feeling keystroke, the range and accuracy of the wireless seems excellent, and the touchpad (the reason I bought this model vs. others) responds nicely. However the keys themselves are labeled with what appears to be just wet-transfer decals (like the ones you get in a model airplane kit) which will undoubtedly rub off with use. This would probably do well as an HTPC keyboard where very little typing is intended. (No emails, no replying to forums while browing on the TV) but is otherwise not going to work as a desktop keyboard. No me gusta.
I find this keyboard impossible to type on. The keys have a cheap plastic feel unlike the earlier MS ergonomic keyboards. It has the mushy feel of a plate full of overcooked spaghetti. As soon as I find a decent replacement this mistake will be shot in the head to put it out of its and my misery.
the lay out is just fine, but it took a few weeks to learn to hit the keys hard enough to make them work, I now find myself pounding away at my keyboard, which is working ok for me. but- since I now work around others, I have annoyed everyone around me with how much noise I make, the space bar was the hardest to learn to hit, you have to really go at it to work it, its a very loud key. it will interrupt others phone calls in the area. it is so noisy, they are making me get a new one. the keys are also so hard to use, I do end up making countless mistakes even after using it for over 6 months now. its easy on your hands from a position point, but I wonder how much wear and tear I am getting from the way I have to pound these keys?  it's just too much effort to keep using. I have also worn most of the letters off the keys.
I really liked this keyboard when I got it, despite the fact that it was missing the 'V' key and had two 'D' keys instead. Unfortunately, it died for no reason after 3 or 4 months, and now all it does is flash its key lights. Poor quality control and a waste of money.
The keyboard is fine, but the software that comes with it modifies the mouse software already installed. The result is that the click rate (like the double click rate) is increased to the point that it is unacceptable. Being that I did not purchase a mouse, it took some time to realize that the keyboard software was the 'culprit'. Once I did and set the mouse software settings back to 'normal', all was well. Until then, I was pulling my hair out trying to find out what was going on.
This new model is a significant improvement over their older (white, ps2-plug) edition.  The soft textures have the feel of high quality.  The keys have a sure over-center action.  Easy installation with USB connect.  The only flaw: a sticky space-bar key.  Perhaps problem will fade after it's broken in a bit. I am surprised this particular unit was allowed to leave the factory.  The unit I purchased last year was perfect. --- Computer Tech for a US Govt office ---
I enjoy the ergonomics of the key board, but one feature that I also love is the quite touch keys. Well they all are quite except the SPACE BAR, the most used key of all! It's some how seperated from the rubber spring pad under it, so every time I press it, it makes a loud clicking noise. Well the space bar spans both left and right hand sides and, in my case, only the right side of the space bar clicks, so I've slowly been learning to use the space bar with my left thumb. This may not work because I've spent so long using my right thumb. The fact of the matter is, I shouldn't have to make these exceptions. Don't be gutless like me and make sure you return your keyboard if any of hte keys make clicking noises.
I both love and hate the Microsoft Natural Ergonomic 4000 keyboard. I love its shape and how it feels using it. I love the relief it brings my hands and wrists from the pain of using a straight keyboard. What I hate about this keyboard is how pathetically easy it is to destroy it. The slightest drop of liquid on the keys of this keyboard will completely ruin it. I have gone through at least four of these over the years and each was completely ruined from very minor liquid spills, the kind that any other keyboard would not have any problem surviving undamaged. I've taken one of the ones I've broken apart and the metallic traces and contacts inside get completely eroded; there is no way to repair these keyboards once liquid has gotten inside them. I had this one I just ordered less than a month ago get a small amount of water got on it and it, too, is now broken. I am simply done buying these keyboards. No other keyboard I have ever owned has been so incredibly easy to destroy. Be warned: any kind of spill will absolutely ruin these keyboards. If this is not a concern for you, then this is otherwise a great keyboard.
If I could, I would have given this zero stars.  My unit never worked.  I tried it on 2 PCs in 3 different operating systems (XP, win 7, Ubuntu Jaunty).  The instruction manual is awful.  It has tiny print and lacks any useful information.  The company's web page has even less, and is written in poor English.  On my unit the RF Communication Indicator (LED) keeps blinking yellow.  I think this means it is trying to establish a connection, or can not establish a connection.  I'm not sure because the documentation is so poor. From what I have read from other reviews it should be a simple plug and play. I understand that electronics can have premature failures.  But if it never worked out of the box, they probably never tested it. As far as I am concerned this is just another POS made in China. Hopefully I can get my money back.
I bought this keyboard less than a month ago.  Very shortly afterward the 1 key was a little finicky.  This morning I went to use it and the 5, T, G, and B keys would not work.  This evening in an attempt to fix it I plug it in only to discover that more keys don't work.  I'm very disappointed, and wish that I hadn't wasted $30 on a faulty product.
I don't know if the problem is in the keys, the keyboard's shape, or in the way I type, but I have been missing a lot of n's and m's ever since I started using this keyboard.  I've been getting better, but if I type without looking at the screen, the text I type will end up being without those letters.  These keys have funny shapes to fit with the overall shape of the keyboard.  The shrunken "Enter" key is irritating. Ergonomically, the keyboard feels good--a great improvement over the conventional keyboard.
I use this keyboard for a computer which is hooked up to my TV and it works great, it is exactly what I needed.  The only problem I have with it is that the receiver does not work very well.  I had to turn around my computer so the back, where it is plugged in, is facing me.  If the device had better reception I would have rated it higher because the rest works great.
This particular iPazzPort device is (as other reviews indicate) probably best used as a recreational remote for playing media and the like. It's not, however, sufficient as a primary trackpad. Where serious data input is concerned -- word processing, music programs & etc. -- the footprint of the touchpad surface is too small by half (the proportion of finger move to the proportion of space you cover is doubled) and the precision response is too erratic (i.e. you can wind up clicking on links and/or buttons when all you mean to do is pass over them in a tracking sweep; and you never quite feel as if you have complete control of the cursor's trajectory). Additionally, though the item itself seems quite solid, it can be prone to slip on a hard surface as you scroll. For "real work" there are better iPazzPort devices with similar features. I'd look toward the Wired iPazzPort USB Handheld Keyboard Mouse Touchpad . You can easily find wireless USB and wireless Bluetooth iterations of its design as well, here at Amazon (and on eBay), but the hard USB cable connection sends a very accurate signal from a touchpad of near-ideal sensitivity. There are other caveats (see my review of it at the link in this paragraph), but, again, for doing precision computer work, that's the iPazzPort input device of choice.
I bought thish product from amazon and thought it will be good home use, it was perfect for the first week only, after that it was not communicating with my laptop anymore, tried to rest it many times but it didnt work out, and since it is from amazon then no warranty provided, no exchange or refund. So it is just like a trap.
I looking for a replacement for my old Dell keyboard and this turns out to be a good keyboard...nice and smooth on the keys and nice looking. Love it!!
Since I had decided to try to increase my typing speed of 20 wpm I bought a typing program and proceeded to practice with it. However, after about fifteen minutes of practice with my hands in the correct position my wrists started to hurt. Therefore I began looking into buying an ergonomic keyboard to replace my I-rocks KR6170 keyboard. Since there were a lot of negative reviews on the Microsoft 4000 and 7000 Natural keyboards I decided on the earlier model Natural Elite, believing in the adage that sometimes older is better. At this point I need to digress and say that I am a Mac aficionado, but not a Mac Fanatic so it was almost sacrilege to choose anything Microsoft, but I figured they couldn't do too badly on hardware. To put it simply, I was wrong. The Natural Elite may actually end up being a good keyboard, but since first impressions mean a lot, I am going to return it ASAP. (or as soon as I finish writing this review with it)   When I opened the box I pulled out a gray keyboard, not white like Microsoft claims. Since my desktop is pretty much mix and match anyway, (I am still using a power cord that has bondi blue fittings from my first IMac.) it was only a minor issue. After I plugged in the keyboard and actually started using it is where the fun really began. First the keyboard does not sit evenly on a level surface. When typing with the legs in the closed position the left rear corner tends to rock up and down, which when typing is rather disconcerting. Typing is only slightly better with the legs extended. Next, it is LOUD, really LOUD. And CLUNKY, really CLUNKY. And those are only the keys. The spacebar takes noise and clunkyness to a whole new level. Last night my wife, who was sleeping in the next room with her TV turned on came in and asked me to knock off the typing or use my other keyboard. In comparison, my I-rocks keyboard is a Ferrari-smooth, solid and fast while the Natural Elite is a '56 Buick-big, slow and CLUNKY.   I must note there are 248 five star reviews on this item. You gotta be kidding. But since I have only been using computers since 1998 I don't really know what it is like to have used older style keyboards. Who knows? They may all have been like the Natural Elite and millions of Windows users may be perfectly satisfied with this keyboard, but if you were born after 1960 (I was born in 1954) you should look for another alternative. PS: Unfortunately I-rocks does not make a curved style ergonomic keyboard for Mac.
A remote control for your laptop - sounds awesome right?  I agree, that's why I bought it and threw caution to the wind despite the reviews on here.  I wish I would have heeded the warnings. A remote with a pretty solid design is great - unfortunately when the signal cuts out every ten minutes and I have to get up and physically remove the usb receiver and reinsert it to get the signal back it pretty much defeats the purpose. I have tried resetting the frequency and multiple other trouble shooting paths but it seems that it the end poor quality is the culprit.  You get what you pay for, cheap remote = cheap quality = poor functionality = a thumbs down from this guy.  If I had it back I'd go with something a little more expensive in order to get the functionality that drives the purchase of this device in the first place. You're buying this to avoid getting up and walking around.  I might sound lazy as hell but that is the point of a remote control right?  I bought this, I'm still getting up - case in point.
Item was exactly as described and pretty much exactly what I expected. Felt a little cheap and came with a manual fraught with typos and spelling errors. Item worked decently, albeit with a shorter than advertised range. I was getting some trouble registering clicks and mouse movements from greater than 6 feet away most times. All in all though, was decent item for the price and what I needed. Then, after about a week and a half of use, I feel from my coffee table to the rug. About 18 inches and BAM, no response. Tried all buttons and the touch pad in every way, but no response at all. Changed the batteries and removed and replaced the USB dongle, but nothing changed the dead state. Only the laser point still works...
It only last like9 or 10 months, then you have to get a new one. Now my enter key is out. Last time it was my N key the time before that was the E key.
Hard to believe this keyboard was designed by serious keyboard users ... with the screwed up cursor keys location and the really screwed up navigation keys layout. The MK-260 layout is correct. Cannot figure out the MK-320 layout other than ... must have been designed by a touch-screen user. And yet, when we get to the MK-520 [BTW, the "stand up" idea is great], the correct layout is back. An unusual hiccup for the usually astute Logitech engineering department IMHO.
I bought this keyboard for use on my HTPC.  The device worked very well at first, allowing me to control the TV easily from the couch or anywhere in that room.  Then, all of the sudden, it stopped working like it was supposed to.  Once I was connected I could walk around the whole living room of my house and it will stay connected.  Once it goes into "sleep" mode, it won't RE-CONNECT to the USB dongle unless you get within 3-4 feet of the computer again. I tried everything including changing USB ports, separating Wifi dongle from this dongle, and turning off my Wifi completely.  Nothing fixed the problem.  I ended up returning it for a refund, but if you will be constantly 3-4 feet away from the computer this would work for you.